
Transcriber's Note:

This is a publisher's catalog found at the end of the source copy
of Martine's Hand-book of Etiquette, and Guide to True Politeness
by Arthur Martine, PG #36048.

Minor typographical errors have been corrected without note.
Irregularities and inconsistencies in the text have been retained as
printed.

Words printed in italics are noted with underscores: _italics_. Words
printed in bold are noted with tildes: ~bold~.




~Dick's Games of Patience; or, Solitaire with Cards.~ New and
Revised Edition. Containing Sixty-four Games. Illustrated with Fifty
explanatory full-page Tableaux. This treatise on Solitaire embraces a
number of new and original Games, and all the Games of Patience at
present in favor with the most experienced players. Each game is
carefully and lucidly described, with the distinctive rules to be
observed and hints as to the best means of success in play. The
Tableaux furnish efficient aid in rendering the disposition of the
cards necessary to each game plain and easily comprehensible. The
difficulty usually attending descriptions of intricate games is
reduced, as far as possible, by precision in method and terseness of
expression in the text, and the illustrations serve to dispel any
possible ambiguity that might be unavoidable without their aid.
Quarto, 143 pages.

    Board covers      75 cts.
    Cloth          $1.00

~Modern Whist.~ A Treatise on the Game of Whist, introducing all the
modern methods and usages of the scientific game, mainly derived from
the latest works of "Cavendish", the leading authority in all that
pertains to the game of Whist.

The most advantageous leads, according to "Cavendish", as well as the
system of "American Leads", are given in detail, including a critical
analysis, with Tables and Illustrations, of the best play for second
and third hands.

This treatise contains all the instruction necessary to make an expert
modern Whist player.

    Paper covers      25 cts.

~Pole on Whist.~ The Theory of the Modern Scientific Game of Whist. By
William Pole, F.R.S. This complete and exhaustive Treatise on the Game
is in handy form for the pocket, and affords lucid instructions at all
stages of the Game for partners to play in combination for their best
interests.

    20 cts.

~American Leads at Whist.~ A condensed Treatise abridged from the
well-known work by "Cavendish", explaining and elucidating the
generally accepted modern methods of American Leads as applied to
legitimate signaling between partners during the progress of the game.
Illustrated with Diagrams.

    Vest pocket size      15 cts.

~Cinch.~ A thorough hand-book of the game of Cinch, containing the
correct method of playing, and the Laws which govern it; compiled from
the best and most reliable authorities. By "Trumps".

    10 cts.

~Robertson's Guide to the Game of Draughts.~ Embracing all of the
twenty-two well-known Openings, with 3340 Variations, including and
correcting all that are given in the leading treatises already
published, with about 1200 new and original Variations which appear
for the first time in this work, forming a thorough and complete
digest and analysis of the Game, with corrections and additions up to
the present time. The number of moves aggregate nearly 100,000. Match
play by Yates, Wyllie, Barker, and others, will be found regularly
classified. A change has been made in the trunks generally, and
throughout the whole work there appears much that is fresh and
original.

    Cloth, 8vo., 320 pages.      $3.00

~Anderson's Checkers.~ Containing complete Instructions and Rules
for playing Checkers or Draughts. Illustrated with Diagrams; including
all the Standard Games and their Variations, and numerous Problems
with their Solutions. By Andrew Anderson. In a certain sense, this is
a reprint of Anderson's Celebrated "Second Edition", revised,
corrected, and enlarged by Robert M'Culloch; that is, his play when
sound is given intact, and where improvements have been shown they
have been incorporated, and unsound play eliminated.

    Cloth.      $1.50

~Spayth's American Draught Player; or, The Theory and Practice of
the Scientific Game of Checkers.~ Simplified and Illustrated with
Practical Diagrams. Containing upwards of 1700 Games and Positions. By
Henry Spayth. Sixth edition, with over three hundred Corrections and
Improvements. Containing: The Standard Laws of the Game--Full
Instructions--Draught Board Numbered--Names of the Games, and how
formed--The "Theory of the Move and its Changes" practically explained
and illustrated with Diagrams.

    Cloth.      $3.00

~Dunne's Draughts Player's Guide and Companion.~ A Guide to the
Student and a Companion for the Advanced Player. By Frank Dunne. A
thoroughly practical work, containing Instructions for beginners,
Standard Rules, the "Move" and its changes, End Games, Openings,
Illustrative Games, including the Wyllie-Bryden Match Games, the
Losing Game, and some of the finest Problems of the day, with their
Solutions. It includes also the Spanish, Italian, Polish, and Turkish
varieties of the game; the entire work being profusely illustrated by
Diagrams exhibiting the Problems and the critical positions in the
progress of the games.

    12mo., cloth.      $1.50

~Mortimer's Chess Players' Pocket-book.~ A complete and handy Manual
of all the known Openings and Gambits, with a thorough analysis of
each, its variations and defense, the more intricate of which are
instructively carried out; beyond the opening moves. By James
Mortimer. The special feature of this work is the manner in which the
notation is arranged in tabular form, by which greater perspicuity is
gained for study, and so reduces the bulk that it can easily be
carried in the pocket for ready reference. This book is emphatically
indorsed by all the leading Chess Critics.

    Cloth, pocket size.      50 cts.

~Gossip's Chess Players' Text-book.~ It introduces a preliminary
Game, elucidated step by step for the instruction of beginners. It
gives a full and extended analysis of all the Openings and Gambits in
general use, with illustrative Games analytically explained, and a
number of interesting End Games and Strategic positions calculated to
afford advanced players a more thorough insight into the intricacies
of the game.

    Bound in cloth. 156 pages.      75 cts.

~Scattergood's Game of Draughts; or, Checkers Simplified and
Explained.~ With practical Diagrams and Illustrations, together
with a Checker-board, numbered and printed in red. Containing the
Eighteen Standard Games, with over 200 of the best variations selected
from various authors, with some never before published. By D.
Scattergood.

    Bound in cloth, with flexible covers.      50 cts.

~Spayth's Game of Draughts.~ By Henry Spayth. This book is designed as
a supplement to "The American Draught Player"; but it is complete in
itself. It contains lucid instructions for beginners, Laws of the
Game, Diagrams, the score of 364 games, together with 34 novel,
instructive, and ingenious "critical positions."

    Cloth.      $1.50

~Spayth's Draughts; or, Checkers for Beginners.~ This treatise was
written by Henry Spayth, the celebrated player, and is by far the most
complete and instructive elementary work on Draughts ever published.
It is profusely illustrated with diagrams of ingenious stratagems,
curious positions, and perplexing Problems, and contains a great
variety of interesting and instructive Games, progressively arranged
and clearly explained with notes, so that the learner may easily
comprehend them. With the aid of this Manual a beginner may soon
become a proficient in the game.

    Cloth, gilt side.      75 cts.

~Hoyle's Games.~ By "Trumps". A Complete Manual of the games of skill
and chance as played in America, and an acknowledged "arbiter on all
disputed points"; thoroughly revised and corrected in accordance with
the latest and best authorities.

It contains the modern laws and complete instructions for the games of
Chess, Draughts, Dominoes, Dice, Backgammon, and Billiards, as well as
all the games with cards at present in vogue, including the more
recently introduced methods of playing Baccarat, Duplicate Whist,
Cayenne Whist, Hearts, Grabouche Newmarket, Solo Whist, and Five and
Nine or Domino Whist, etc. Profusely illustrated with explanatory card
engravings, and diagrams.

    16mo., 514 pages, cloth      $1.25
    Bound in boards                 75 cts.
    Paper covers                    50 cts.

~Dick's Hand-book of Whist.~ Containing Pole's and Clay's Rules for
playing the modern scientific game, the Club Rules of Whist, and two
interesting Double Dummy Problems. This is a thorough treatise on the
game of Whist. It covers all the points and intricacies which arise in
the game; including the acknowledged code of etiquette observed by the
players, with Drayson's remarks on Trumps, their use and abuse, and
the modern methods of signaling between partners.

    25 cts.

~Marache's Manual of Chess.~ Containing a description of the Board and
Pieces, Chess Notation, Technical Terms, with diagrams illustrating
them, Laws of the Game, Relative Value of Pieces, Preliminary Games
for beginners, Fifty Opening of Games, with the best games and copious
notes; Twenty Endings of Games, showing easiest way of effecting
checkmate; Thirty-six ingenious Diagram Problems, and sixteen curious
Chess Stratagems, being one of the best Books for Beginners ever
published. By N. Marache.

    Bound in cloth.      50 cts.

~Dick's Art of Bowling; or, Bowler's Guide.~ Giving the correct
method of playing, keeping the score, and the latest rules which
govern the American and German Games, and their most popular
variations; including the Regulations adopted in Matches and
Tournaments.

    Fully illustrated.      25 cts.

~Trumps' New Card Games.~ Containing the correct method and rules
for playing the games of Hearts, Boodle, Newmarket, Five and Nine or
Domino Whist, Solo, and Cayenne Whist.

    Paper covers.      25 cts.




Dick & Fitzgerald

PUBLISHERS,

18 ANN STREET,

POST OFFICE BOX 2975.      NEW YORK.


Upon receipt of the price, any books advertised in the following pages
will be sent by mail, postage paid, to any Post Office in the United
States, Canada, and the Universal Postal Union.


    No Books Exchanged.             No Books sent C.O.D.

    Not Responsible for Money or Books sent by Mail, unless Registered.

    Parcels will be registered on receipt of Ten Cents in addition to
    the amount of the order.

    Under no Circumstances will Books be sent Subject to Approval.

    No Orders whatever will be Filled unless sufficient money
    accompanies them.

    Write your name plainly.

    Give full Address, with Post Office, County and State.

    A complete descriptive Catalogue will be mailed free on
    application.


HOW TO SEND MONEY.

In remitting by mail the safest means are a Post-office or Express
Money Order, or a Draft on a New York Bank, payable to Dick &
Fitzgerald. When these are not procurable, Cash (or a Postal Note)
should be sent in a Registered Letter. Unused United States Postage
Stamps, of the denomination of Ten Cents or under, will be taken as
cash in amounts less than One Dollar. Soiled Stamps, Postage Stamps
other than those of the United States, and personal checks or drafts on
local banks cannot be accepted.




DICK'S ENCYCLOPEDIA

of Practical Receipts and Processes,

CONTAINING 6,422 PRACTICAL RECEIPTS,

Written in a plain and popular manner, and illustrated with explanatory
wood-cuts. Being a comprehensive Book of Reference for the Merchant,
Manufacturer, Artisan, Amateur and Housekeeper, embracing valuable
information in the Arts, Professions, Trades, Manufactures, including
Medicine, Pharmacy and Domestic Economy. It is certainly the most
useful book of reference for practical information pertaining to the
wants of everyday life ever printed. _The Scientific American_
says "It is worthy of a place in the library of any home, work-shop,
factory or laboratory". Prominent among the immense mass of subjects
treated of in the book, are the following:

    The Art of Dyeing;
    Hard, Soft and Toilet Soaps;
    Tanning;
    Distillation;
    Imitation Liquors;
    Wines, Cordials and Bitters;
    Cider;
    Brewing;
    Perfumery; Cologne Water and Perfumed Spirits;
    Flavoring Essences, etc.;
    Cosmetics;
    Hair Dyes and Washes;
    Pomades and Perfumed Oils;
    Tooth Powders, etc.;
    Syrups;
    Alcohol and Alcoholmetry;
    Petroleum and Kerosene;
    Bleaching and Cleaning;
    Scouring and Cleansing;
    Vinegar;
    Sauces, Catsups and Pickles;
    Receipts for the Garden;
    To Remove Stains, Spots, etc.;
    The Extermination of Vermin;
    Pyrotechny and Explosives;
    Cements, etc.;
    Soluble Glass;
    Waterproofing;
    Artificial Gems;
    Inks and Writing Fluids;
    Aniline Colors;
    Liquid Colors;
    Paints and Pigments;
    Drying Oils and Dryers;
    Painting and Paper-hanging;
    Kalsomine and Whitewash;
    Oil and Spirit Varnishes;
    Varnishing and Polishing;
    Lubricators;
    Japanning and Lacquering;
    Boot and Harness Blacking;
    Photography;
    Metals and Alloys;
    Soldering and Welding;
    Amalgams;
    Gilding, Silvering, etc.;
    Electrotyping, Electroplating, etc;
    Medicinal Preparations;
    Patent Medicines;
    Medical Receipts;
    Weights and Measures.

    607 pages, royal octavo, cloth      $5.00
    Sheep                                6.00


DICK & FITZGERALD, Publishers,

Box 2975.                NEW YORK.




RECITATIONS AND DIALOGUES.


    Dick's Series of Recitations and Headings. Nos. 1 to 17.
    Dick's Dutch, French and Yankee Recitations.
    Dick's Irish Recitations.
    Dick's Comic and Dialect Recitations.
    Dick's Diverting Dialogues.
    Dick's Dialogues and Monologues.
    Dick's Comic Dialogues.
    McBride's Funny Dialogues.
    McBride's Comic Dialogues.
    McBride's All Kinds of Dialogues.
    McBride's New Dialogues.
    McBride's Humorous Dialogues.
    McBride's Temperance Dialogues.
    McBride's Comic Speeches and Recitations.
    Frost's Dialogues for Young Folks.
    Frost's Humorous and Exhibition Dialogues.
    Frost's New Dialogues.
    Kavanaugh's Comic Pieces for Very Little Children.
    Kavanaugh's Humorous Dramas.
    Kavanaugh's Juvenile Speaker, for Very Little Children.
    Kavanaugh's Exhibition Reciter, for Very Little Children.
    Kavanaugh's New Speeches and Dialogues.
    Holmes' Very Little Dialogues for Very Little Folks.
    Graham's School Dialogues for Young People.
    Steele's Exhibition Dialogues.
    Martine's Droll Dialogues and Laughable Recitations.
    Beecher's Recitations and Readings.
    Howard's Recitations; Comic, Serious and Pathetic.
    Wilson's Recitations for School Declamation.
    Spencer's Comic Speeches and Recitations.
    Barton's Comic Recitations and Dialogues.

The price of each of the above books in paper covers is 30 cents; or
bound in boards, with cloth back, 50 cents; sent by mail, postage
paid, to any address on receipt of the price.

Send for catalogue, mailed free, giving full contents of each book,
and the number and sex of the characters required for the dialogues.




LOVE, COURTSHIP AND MATRIMONY.


~The Art and Etiquette of Making Love.~ A Manual of Love, Courtship
and Matrimony. It tells

    _How to cure bashfulness_,
    _How to commence a courtship_,
    _How to please a sweetheart or lover_,
    _How to write a love-letter_,
    _How to "pop the question"_,
    _How to act before and after a proposal_,
    _How to accept or reject a proposal_,
    _How to break off an engagement_,
    _How to act after an engagement_,
    _How to act as bridesmaid or groomsman_,
    _How the etiquette of a wedding and all the details of the after
        reception should be observed_,

And in fact, how to fulfill every duty and meet every contingency
connected with courtship and matrimony. 176 pages.

    Paper covers                     ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards, cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~Howard's Book of Love Poetry.~ A curious and Beautiful Collection of
Tenderly Delicate, Sweetly Pathetic and Amusingly Quizzical Poetical
Love-Addresses, containing a large number of the most admired
selections from the leading Poets suitable for quotations in Love
Letters, and applicable to all phases and contingencies incident to
the tender passion.

    141 pages      ~25 cts.~

~Courtship Made Easy; or, The Art of Making Love Fully Explained.~
Containing full directions for Conducting a Courtship with Ladies of
every age and Position in society, and valuable information for
persons who desire to enter the marriage state. Also, forms of
Love-letters to be used on certain occasions.

    64 pages      ~15 cts.~

~How to Win and How to Woo.~ Containing Rules for the Etiquette of
Courtship, showing how to win the favor of the Ladies, how to begin
and end a Courtship, and how to write Love-Letters.

    ~15 cts.~

~The Language of Flowers.~ A complete dictionary of the Language of
Flowers, and the sentiments which they express. Well arranged and
comprehensive in every detail. All unnecessary matter has been
omitted. This little volume is destined to fill a want long felt for
a reliable book at a price within the reach of all.

    Paper      ~15 cts.~

~Dictionary of Love.~ Containing a Definition of all the terms used in
the History of the Tender Passion, together with specimens of curious
model love letters, and many other interesting matters appertaining to
Love, never before published; the whole forming a remarkable Text-Book
for all Lovers, as well as a Complete Guide to Matrimony, and a
Companion of Married Life.

    Paper      ~50 cts.~

~Anecdotes of Love.~ Being a true account of the most remarkable
events connected with the History of Love in all ages and among all
Nations. By LOLA MONTEZ, Countess of Landsfeldt.

    Paper      ~50 cts.~

~Poet's Companion.~ A Dictionary of all Allowable Rhymes in the
English Language. This gives the Perfect, the imperfect and Allowable
Rhymes, and will enable you to ascertain to a certainty whether any
word can be mated. It is invaluable to any one who desires to court
the Muses, and is used by some of the best writers in the country.

    ~25 cts.~

~Green's 100 Tricks With Cards~, By J. H. GREEN, reformed Gambler.
This is a book of 96 pages, and exposes and explains all the mysteries
of the Gambling Table. It is interesting not only to those who play,
but to those who do not. Old Players will get some new ideas from this
curious book.

    Paper      ~30 cts.~

~The Wizard of the North's Hand-Book of Natural Magic.~ Being a series
of Tricks of Deception, arranged for Amateurs. By Professor J. H.
ANDERSON.

    Paper      ~25 cts.~




BOOKS ON CARD GAMES.


~Blackbridge's Complete Poker Player.~ A Practical Guide-Book to the
American National Game; containing mathematical and experimental
analyses of the probabilities of Draw Poker. By JOHN BLACKBRIDGE,
Actuary. This, as its title implies, is an exhaustive treatise on Draw
Poker, giving minute and detailed information on the various chances,
expectations, possibilities and probabilities that can occur in all
stages of the game, with directions and advice for successful play,
deduced from actual practice and experience, and founded on precise
mathematical data.

    Small quarto, 142 pages, paper      ~50 cts.~
    Bound, cloth                        ~$1.00~

~Proctor on Draw-Poker.~ By Prof. RICHARD A. PROCTOR. An interesting
Treatise on the Laws and Usages which govern the Game of Draw-Poker,
with Practical Remarks upon the Chances and Probabilities of the Game,
and a Critical Analysis of the Theories and Statistics advanced by
Blackbridge and other writers, and especially in regard to their
doctrines relating to cumulative recurrences.

    ~15 cts.~

~Talk of Uncle George to his Nephew About Draw Poker.~ Containing
valuable suggestions in connection with this Great American Game; also
instructions and directions to Clubs and Social Card Parties.
Illustrated.

    Paper      ~25 cts.~

~How Gamblers Win; or, The Secrets of Advantage Playing Exposed.~
Being a complete and scientific exposé of the manner of playing all
the numerous advantages in the various Card Games, as practised by
professional gamblers. This work is designed as a warning to
self-confident card-players.

    Boards      ~50 cts.~

~The Thompson Street Poker Club.~ A true and authentic record of the
astonishing poker play perpetrated by this notorious "Culled" Club
with their peculiar hands, and summarily simple mode of settlements,
portraying the peculiar humor, oddities and extravagances of the Negro
in his happiest vein. Profusely illustrated by E. W. Kemble, in his
most mirth-provoking style.

    ~25 cts.~

~The Mott Street Poker Club.~ Being the Secretary's Minutes of each
session of this celebrated Chinese Club from its foundation to its
close; a full revelation of its proceedings, and the ludicrous
incidents arising from the eccentric ways of playing adopted by the
guileless members of the club, and the astounding poker hands held by
the tricky "Heathen Chinee." Profusely illustrated by Michal Woolf.

    ~25cts.~

~Draw-Poker for Poker Players.~ A Condensed Treatise on the Game,
explaining the Technical Terms used, the relative value of the Hands,
and complete directions for successful play, including Schenck's
Rules. Vest pocket size, illustrated.

    ~15 cts.~

~American Whist.~ Containing a full description of the Game, Technical
Terms, Rules for successful Play, the Laws of the Game, and a specimen
Game with the Hands played throughout. Vest pocket size, fully
illustrated.

    ~15 cts.~

~Day's Fortune-Telling Cards.~ We have just printed an original set of
cards for telling fortunes, which are an improvement on any hitherto
made. They are so arranged that each answer will respond to every one
of the questions which may be put. These cards will also afford a fund
of amusement in a party of young people. Each pack is enclosed in a
card case, on which are printed directions.

    ~30 cts.~




MISCELLANEOUS.


~The Perfect Gentleman.~ A book of Etiquette and Eloquence. Containing
information and instruction for those who desire to become brilliant
or conspicuous in General Society, or at Parties, Dinners or Popular
Gatherings, etc. It gives directions how to use wine at table, with
Rules for judging the quality thereof, Rules for Carving and a
complete Etiquette of the Dinner Table, including Dinner Speeches,
Toasts and Sentiments, Wit and Conversation at Table, etc. It has also
an American Code of Etiquette and Politeness for all occasions. It
also contains all the necessary information relating to the rules of
Etiquette to be observed in fashionable and official society at
Washington, and this alone makes it valuable to any one who visits
that city, either for pleasure or business. It also contains, Model
Speeches, with directions how to deliver them, Duties of the Chairman
at Public Meetings, Forms of Preambles and Resolutions, etc. It is a
handsomely bound volume of 335 pages.

    ~$1.50~

~The American Boy's Own Book of Sports and Games.~ A work expressly
designed to amuse and instruct American Boys at all times and
seasons, both in and out doors. This work contains 600 pages, and is
illustrated with over 600 engravings and diagrams, drawn by White and
other American and English artists, and engraved by N. Orr in his best
style. It is also embellished with eight full-page ornamental titles,
executed in the highest style of art, on tinted paper, illustrating
the different departments of the work. An elegant gift for a boy,
affording endless amusement, instruction and recreation.

    12 mo., extra fine cloth, gilt side and back stamp      ~$2.00~

~The Twelve Decisive Battles of the War.~ A History of Eastern and
Western Campaigns in relation to the Battles which decided their
issue, and their important bearings on the result of the Struggle for
the Union. By William Swinton. Illustrated by seven steel portraits of
the leading Generals and nine maps of battle-fields. This work is the
result of the author's personal experiences, and based on the records
of the Generals commanding on both sides; it is, therefore, thorough,
impartial and reliable. 520 pages. 8vo.

    Extra cloth, beveled,      ~$3.50~

~Day's Cards Of Courtship.~ Arranged with such apt conversations
that you will be enabled to ask the momentous question categorically,
in such a delicate manner that the young lady will not suspect what
you are at. These cards may be used either by two persons, or they
will make lots of fun for an evening party of young people. When used
in a party, the question is read aloud by the lady receiving it--she
shuffles and hands out an answer--and that also must be read aloud by
the gentleman receiving it. The fun thus caused is intense. Put up in
handsome cases, on which are printed directions.

    ~30 cts.~

~Day's Love-Letter Cards; or, Love-Making Made Easy.~ We have
just printed a novel set of Cards which will delight the hearts of
young people susceptible of the tender passion. Both letters and
answers are either humorous or humorously sentimental--thus creating
lots of fun when used at a party of young people--and special pains
has been taken with them to avoid that silly, sentimental formality so
common in printed letters of this kind. Put up in handsome cases, on
which are printed directions.

    ~30 cts.~

~Day's Conversation Cards.~ A New and Original Set, comprising
Eighteen Questions and Twenty-four Answers, so arranged that the whole
of the answers are apt replies to each one of the eighteen questions.
The plan of these cards is very simple, and easily understood. Used by
a party of young people, they will make a good deal of fun. The set
comprises forty-two Cards in the aggregate, which are put up in a
handsome case, with printed directions for use.

    ~30 cts.~




COOK BOOKS.


~Dinner Napkins, and How to Fold Them.~ Containing plain and
systematic directions for arranging and folding Napkins or Serviettes
for the Dinner Table, from the simplest forms to the most elaborate
and artistic designs. By Georgiana C. Clark. This little work embraces
all the favorite designs in general use for transforming a plain
Napkin into one of the most attractive and ornamental appendages to an
elegantly arranged Dinner Table. Some of the patterns being expressly
intended for combining artistic display with floral decoration,
appropriately symbolic of Bridal and other special occasions.

    Profusely illustrated      ~25 cts.~

~Mrs. Crowen's American Lady's Cookery Book.~ Giving every variety of
information for ordinary and holiday occasions, and containing over
1,200 Original Receipts for Preparing and Cooking Soups and Broths,
Fish and Oysters, Clams, Mussels, Crabs and Terrapins, Meats of all
kinds, Poultry and Game, Eggs and Cheese, Vegetables and Salads,
Sauces of all kinds, fancy Desserts, Puddings and Custards, Pies and
Tarts, Bread and Biscuit, Rolls and Cakes, Preserves and Jellies,
Pickles and Catsups, Potted Meats, etc., etc. The whole being a
complete system, of American Cookery. By Mrs. T. J. Crowen.

    480 pages, 12 mo., cloth      ~$1.50~

~How to Cook and How to Carve.~ Giving plain and easily understood
directions for preparing and cooking, with the greatest economy, every
kind of dish, with complete instructions for serving the same. This
Book is just the thing for a young Housekeeper. It is worth a dozen of
expensive French books.

    Paper covers                         ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards with cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~The American Home Cook Book.~ Containing several hundred excellent
recipes. The whole based on many years' experience of an American
Housewife. Illustrated with engravings. All the recipes in this book
are written from actual experience in Cooking.

    Paper       ~30 cts.~
    Boards      ~50 cts.~

~The Yankee Cook Book.~ A new system of Cookery. Containing hundreds
of excellent recipes from actual experience in Cooking; also, full
explanation in the art of Carving.

    126 pages, paper covers.      ~30 cts.~
    Boards                        ~50 cts.~

~Soyer's Standard Cookery for the People.~ Embracing an entirely new
System of Plain Cookery and Domestic Economy. By Alexis Soyer. The
plain and familiar style adopted in describing the details of the
various culinary operations, commends itself to the notice of all
economical housekeepers, as it affords the best results with the least
expenditure.

    214 pages, paper      ~30 cts.~
    Boards                ~50 cts.~

~The American Housewife and Kitchen Directory.~ This valuable book
embraces three hundred and seventy-eight recipes for cooking all sorts
of American dishes in the most economical manner.

    Paper       ~30 cts.~
    Boards      ~50 cts.~

~Souillard's Book of Practical Receipts.~ For the use of Families,
Druggists, Perfumers, Confectioners and Dealers in Soaps and Fancy
Articles for the Toilet. By F. A. Souillard.

    Paper      ~25 cts.~

~Book of Wonders, Mysteries and Disclosures.~ A complete hand-book
of useful information. Giving a large number of Recipes for the
manufacture of valuable articles of every-day use, and of great value
to manufacturers, storekeepers, druggists, peddlers and families. To
which is added Taxidermy and Traps and Trapping.

    Paper      ~25 cts.~




BOXING AND WRESTLING.


~How to Join a Circus.~ This contains all the information necessary
for those who desire to qualify themselves for the Circus or
Gymnasium; with hints to Amateurs and advice to Professional
performers; affording thorough instruction in all branches of the
business. Illustrated. By the celebrated Tony Denier. By carefully
following the advice and instruction contained in this book, any
person with a moderate degree of perseverance can become proficient in
all the startling acts on the horizontal bar, flying trapeze, and
other evolutions that challenge the admiration of all who behold them.

    104 pages      ~25 cts.~

~Jerry Thomas' Bar Tender's Guide; or How to Mix all kinds of Fancy
Drinks.~ _An entirely new edition; new plates; new drinks._
Containing clear and reliable directions for mixing all the beverages
used in the United States. Embracing Punches, Juleps, Cobblers,
Cocktails, etc., etc., in endless variety. By Jerry Thomas. This work
also contains the best receipts for preparing bottled Punch, bottled
Cocktails, Punch Essences, etc., after the most approved methods;
also, all the newest Egg Noggs, Fizzes, Slings, Sours, and other Fancy
Drinks in endless variety.

    16mo, illuminated paper cover      ~50 cts.~
    16mo, cloth                        ~75 cts.~

~Dick's Art Of Wrestling.~ A New Hand-Book of thorough instruction in
Wrestling, with the accepted Rules to be observed in the different
methods of wrestling generally adopted at the present time. Fully
illustrated by well-designed engravings, exhibiting all the aggressive
and defensive positions necessary for success.

    ~25 cts.~

~Price's Science of Self-Defense.~ Illustrated with Engravings. This
book was written by Ned Price, the celebrated boxer, and is the best
work that was ever written upon the subject of Sparring and Wrestling.
It contains all the tricks and stratagems resorted to by professional
boxers and the descriptions of the passes, blows and parries are all
clearly explained by the aid of numerous diagrams and engravings. That
portion of the work which treats on wrestling is particularly
thorough, and is well illustrated with engravings.

    Boards      ~75 cts.~

~Ned Donnelly's Art of Boxing.~ A thorough Manual of Sparring and
Self-Defence, illustrated with Forty Engravings, showing the various
Blows, Stops and Guards; by Ned Donnelly, Professor of Boxing to the
London Athletic Club, etc., etc. This work explains in detail every
movement of attack and defence in the clearest language, and in
accordance with the most approved and modern methods; the engravings
are very distinctly drawn, and show each position and motion as
plainly as the personal instruction of a professor could convey it. It
teaches all the feints and dodges practised by experienced boxers, and
gives advice to those who desire to perfect themselves in the Manly
Art. Including the London Prize Ring Rules, and revised Marquis of
Queensbury's Rules.

    127 pages      ~25 cts.~

~The Art of Attack and Defence.~ A Manual of Fencing, Sword Exercise,
Bayonet Practice and Boxing, affording instructions in the modern
method of Fencing, the mode of attack with sword against sword or
bayonet, and with bayonet against sword or bayonet. By Major W. J.
Elliott.

    Profusely illustrated      ~25 cts.~

~Boxing Made Easy; or, The Complete Manual of Self-Defense.~ Clearly
explained and Illustrated in a Series of Easy Lessons, with some
important Hints to Wrestlers.

    ~15 cts.~




MODEL SPEECHES AND SKELETON ESSAYS.


~Ogden's Model Speeches for all School Occasions.~ Containing
Original Addresses and Orations on everything appertaining to School
Life; comprising Set Speeches on all occasions connected with Schools,
Academies and Colleges, for School Officers, as well as for Teachers
and Students of both sexes, with appropriate replies. By Christol
Ogden.

This original work contains over one-hundred telling speeches and
replies in well-chosen words, and every variety of style, for

    _All Kinds of School Ceremonials._
    _Speeches on Opening and Dedicating New Schools and Academies._
    _Salutatory and Valedictory Addresses._
    _Presentations and Conferring Honors._
    _Burlesque Speeches._
    _Addresses to Teachers._
    _Prologues and Epilogues for School Exhibitions._
    _Anniversary Congratulations._

Including practical hints on Extempore speaking with a dissertation on
the selection of appropriate topics, suitable style, and effective
delivery, and also valuable advice to those who lack confidence when
addressing the Public.

    Paper                ~50 cts.~
    Bound in boards      ~75 cts.~

~Ogden's Skeleton Essays; or Authorship in Outline.~ Consisting of
Condensed Treatises on popular subjects, with references to sources of
information, and directions how to enlarge them into Essays, or expand
them into Lectures. Fully elucidated by example as well as precept. By
Christol Ogden.

In this work is a thorough analysis of some SEVENTY prominent and
popular subjects, with extended specimens of the method of enlarging
them into Essays and Lectures.

The following interesting topics are separately and ably argued on
both sides of the question, thus presenting also well digested matter
for Debate, being on subjects of absorbing interest everywhere:--

    _Bi-Metalism._
    _Civil Service Reform._
    _Prohibition._
    _Is Marriage a Failure?_
    _City and Country._
    _The Credit System._
    _Free Trade and Protection._
    _Capital Punishment._
    _Shall More or Less be Taught in Public Schools._

All the remaining subjects are equally thoroughly discussed, and form
a valuable aid to the student in preparing compositions, essays, etc.

    Paper                ~50 cts.~
    Bound in boards      ~75 cts.~

~Dick's Book of Toasts, Speeches and Responses.~ Containing Toasts and
Sentiments for Public and Social Occasions, and specimen Speeches with
appropriate replies suitable for the following occasions:

    _Public Dinners._
    _Social Dinners._
    _Convivial Gatherings._
    _Art and Professional Banquets._
    _Agricultural and Commercial Festivals._
    _Special Toasts for Ladies._
    _Christmas, Thanksgiving and other Festivals._
    _Friendly Meetings._
    _Weddings and their Anniversaries._
    _Army and Navy Banquets._
    _Patriotic and Political Occasions._
    _Trades' Unions and Dinners._
    _Benedicts' and Bachelors' Banquets._
    _Masonic Celebrations._
    _All Kinds of Occasions._

This work includes an instructive dissertation on the Art of making
amusing After-dinner Speeches, giving hints and directions by the aid
of which persons with only ordinary intelligence can make an
entertaining and telling speech. Also, Correct Rules and Advice for
Presiding at Table.

The use of this work will render a poor and diffident speaker fluent
and witty--and a good speaker better and wittier, besides affording an
immense fund of anecdotes, wit and wisdom, and other serviceable
matter to draw upon at will.

    Paper                ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards      ~50 cts.~




DEBATES AND READY MADE SPEECHES.


~Barber's American Book of Ready-Made Speeches.~ Containing 159
original examples of Humorous and Serious Speeches, suitable for every
possible occasion where a speech may be called for, together with
appropriate replies to each. Including:

    _Presentation Speeches._
    _Convivial Speeches._
    _Festival Speeches._
    _Addresses of Congratulation._
    _Addresses of Welcome._
    _Addresses of Compliment._
    _Political Speeches._
    _Dinner and Supper Speeches for Clubs._
    _Off-Hand Speeches on a Variety of Subjects._
    _Miscellaneous Speeches._
    _Toasts and Sentiments for Public and Private Entertainments._
    _Preambles and Resolutions of Congratulation, Compliment and
        Condolence._

With this book any person may prepare himself to make a neat little
speech, or reply to one when called upon to do so. They are all short,
appropriate and witty, and even ready speakers may profit by them.

    Paper.                            ~50 cts.~
    Bound in boards, cloth backs      ~75 cts.~

~How to Conduct a Debate.~ A Series of Complete Debates, Outlines
of Debates and Questions for Discussion. In the complete debates, the
questions for discussion are defined, the debate formally opened, an
array of brilliant arguments adduced on either side, and the debate
closed according to parliamentary usages. The second part consists of
questions for debate, with heads of arguments, for and against, given
in a condensed form, for the speakers to enlarge upon to suit their
own fancy. In addition to these is a large collection of debatable
questions. The authorities to be referred to for information are given
at the close of every debate throughout the work. By F. Rowton. 232
pages.

    Paper covers                     ~50 cts.~
    Bound in boards, cloth back      ~75 cts.~

~The Debater, Chairman's Assistant, and Rules of Order.~ A manual
for Instruction and Reference in all matters pertaining to the
Management of Public Meetings according to Parliamentary usages. It
gives all necessary details connected with the following topics:--

    _How to Form and Conduct all kinds of Associations and Clubs_:

    _How to Organize and arrange Public Meetings, Celebrations,
    Dinners, Picnics and Conventions_;

    _Forms for Constitutions of Lyceums or Institutes, Literary and
    other Societies_;

    _The Powers and Duties of Officers, with Forms for Treasurers',
    Secretaries', and other regular or occasional Official Reports_;

    _The Formation and Duties of Committees_;

    _Rules of Order, and Order of Business, with Mode of Procedure in
    all cases. Also the Rules of Order in Tabular Form for instant
    reference in all Cases of Doubt that may arise, enabling a
    Chairman to decide on all points at a glance_;

    _How to draft Resolutions, Reports and Petitions on various
    subjects and for various occasions, with numerous model examples_;

    _A Model Debate, introducing the greatest possible variety of
    points of order, with correct Decisions by the Chairman_;

This work includes all Decisions and Rulings up to the present day.

    Paper covers                     ~30 cts.~
    Bound in Boards, cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~How to Learn the Sense of 3,000 French Words in one Hour.~ It is
a fact that there are at least three thousand words in the French
language, forming a large proportion of those used in ordinary
conversation, which are spelled the same as in English.

    ~25 cts.~

~500 French Phrases, with their English Translations.~ The phrases
here given are all selected for their general usefulness for
occasional quotation.

    ~10 cts.~




COMPOSITION AND LANGUAGES.


~Live and Learn; or, One Thousand Mistakes of Daily Occurrence in
Speaking, Writing and Pronunciation, Corrected and Explained.~ There
are hundreds of persons who are sensible of their deficiencies on many
points connected with the Grammar of their own tongue, and who, by
self-tuition, may correct such deficiencies.

    _It Corrects and Explains 1,000 Mistakes of Daily Occurrence in
    Speaking, Writing and Pronunciation._

    _It Explains the many Perplexing points that occasion difficulty
    to the student._

    _It explains most of the Latin and French words and phrases of
    frequent occurrence in newspapers._

    _It shows how to punctuate and paragraph correctly._

    _It shows all the current improprieties of expression and gives
    rules for their correction._

    _It gives clear rules for the use of Capitals and Italics._

    _It gives plain, general rules for spelling._

    _It gives detailed instructions for writing for the Press in the
    various departments of newspaper and general literature._

    213 pages, paper      ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards       ~50 cts.~

~Walker's Rhyming, Spelling and Pronouncing Dictionary of the English
Language.~ To which is added critical and practical Observations on
Orthography, Syllabication, Pronunciation, an Index of Allowable
Rhymes, with Authorities for their usage, etc.

    Royal 12mo, 700 pages      ~$3.00~

~How to Write a Composition.~ The use of this book will save the
student the many hours of labor too often wasted in trying to write a
plain composition. It affords a perfect skeleton of one hundred and
seventeen different subjects, with their divisions clearly defined,
and each heading filled in with the ideas which the subject suggests;
so that all the writer has to do, in order to produce a good
composition is to enlarge on them to suit his taste.

    178 pages, paper      ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards       ~50 cts.~

~The Poet's Companion.~ A Dictionary of all Allowable Rhymes in
the English Language. This gives the Perfect, the Imperfect and
Allowable Rhymes, and will enable you to ascertain to a certainty
whether any word can be mated. It is invaluable to any one who desires
to court the Muses, and is used by some of the best writers.

    ~25 cts.~

~Mind Your Stops.~ Punctuation made plain, and Composition
simplified for Readers, Writers and talkers.

    ~12 cts.~

~Thimm's French Self-Taught.~ A new system on the most simple
principles, for universal Self-Tuition, with English pronunciation of
every word. By this system the acquirement of the French Language is
rendered less laborious and more thorough than by any of the old
methods. By Franz Thimm.

    ~25 cts.~

~Thimm's German Self-Taught.~ Uniform with "French Self-Taught,"
and arranged in accordance with the same principles of thoroughness
and simplicity. By Franz Thimm.

    ~25 cts.~

~Thimm's Spanish Self-Taught.~ A book of self-instruction in the
Spanish Language, arranged according to the same method as the
"French" and "German," by the same author, and uniform with them in
size. By Franz Thimm.

    ~25 cts.~

~Thimm's Italian Self-Taught.~ Uniform in style and size with the
three foregoing books. By Franz Thimm.

    ~25 cts.~




LETTER WRITERS.


~Martine's Sensible Letter-Writer.~ Being a comprehensive and complete
Guide and Assistant for those who desire to carry on Epistolary
Correspondence; containing a large collection of model letters on the
simplest matters of life, adapted to all ages, conditions and
occasions,


    EMBRACING,

    _Business Letters_;

    _Applications for Employment, with Letters of Recommendation and
    Answers to Advertisements_;

    _Letters between Parents and Children_;

    _Letters of Friendly Counsel_;

    _Letters soliciting Advice, Assistance and Friendly Favors_;

    _Letters of Courtesy, Friendship and Affection_;

    _Letters of Condolence and Sympathy_;

    _A Choice Collection of Love-Letters, for Every Situation in a
    Courtship_;

    _Notes of Ceremony, Familiar Invitations, etc., together with
    Notes of Acceptance and Regret._

The whole containing 300 Sensible Letters and Notes. This is an
invaluable book for those persons who have not had sufficient practice
to enable them to write letters without great effort. It contains such
a variety of letters that models may be found to suit every subject.

    207 pages, bound in boards, cloth back      ~50 cts.~
    Bound in cloth, cloth back                  ~75 cts.~

~Frost's Original Letter-Writer.~ A complete collection of Original
Letters and Notes upon every imaginable subject of Every-Day Life,
with plain directions about everything connected with writing a
letter. By S. A. Frost. To which is added a comprehensive Table of
Synonyms, alone worth double the price asked for the book. We assure
our readers that it is the best collection of letters ever published
in this country; they are written in plain and natural language, and
elegant in style without being high-flown.

    Bound in boards, cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~North's Book Of Love-Letters.~ With directions how to write and when
to use them, and 120 Specimen Letters, suitable for Lovers of any age
and condition, and under all circumstances, with the author's comments
thereon. Being a Hand-book of valuable information and counsel for the
use of those who need friendly guidance and advice in matters of Love,
Courtship and Marriage. By Ingoldsby North.

    Boards              ~50 cts.~
    Bound in cloth      ~75 cts.~

~Worcester's Letter-Writer and Book of Business Forms for Ladies
and Gentlemen.~ Containing Accurate Directions for Conducting
Epistolary Correspondence, with 270 Specimen Letters, adapted to
every Age and Situation in Life, and to Business Pursuits in General;
with an Appendix comprising Forms for Wills, Petitions, Bills,
Receipts, Drafts, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Executors'
and Administrators' Accounts, etc., etc. The Orthography of the
entire work is based on Worcester's method, which is coming more
and more into general use.

This work is divided into two parts, the portion for Ladies being kept
distinct from the rest of the book, in order to provide better
facilities for ready reference.

    216 pages, boards, cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~Frost's Twenty-Five Cent Letter-Writer.~ Containing Three Hundred
Letters and appropriate Replies upon every subject of daily life,
including plain Directions on all the details which constitute a
well-written Letter. It would be difficult to find any want or
occasion in life which requires correspondence that is not fairly
supplied by some letter or letters in this comprehensive collection,
affording just what is needed or an excellent model which can be
easily modified to suit the most peculiar circumstances.

    Paper      ~25 cts.~

~Dick's Common Sense Letter Writer.~ Containing Three Hundred and
Sixty Sensible Social and Business Letters with appropriate Answers on
the following subjects:

    _Letters of Introduction._
    _Soliciting and Granting Favors._
    _Accompanying Gifts._
    _Acknowledging Gifts and Favors._
    _Letters of Congratulation._
    _Letters of Sympathy and Condolence._
    _Answers to Advertisements for Help Wanted._
    _Inquiries about and Recommendations of Character and Ability._
    _Letters between Employers and Employed._
    _Accepting and Resigning Positions._
    _Letters of Apology._
    _Letters of Remonstrance and Complaint._
    _Letters of Love and Courtship._
    _Letters of Invitation and Acceptance._
    _Forms of Cards of Invitation._
    _Notes of Postponement._
    _Notes Offering Escort._
    _Letters to Landlords and about Board and Apartments._
    _Family Letters on Various Subjects._
    _Business Correspondence._
    _Letters on Miscellaneous Subjects._

Including Instructions for the arrangement of the different parts of a
Letter, the Address, &c. By William B. Dick. The Letters are all
original, and serve as eminent models of matter, expression and style,
in plain but well-chosen language and clearness of diction; the great
variety of letters on each subject offers a wide field for choice, and
with, perhaps, a little modification could be made available for every
possible contingency.

    Bound in boards      ~50 cts.~

~Dick's Commercial Letter Writer~, and ~Book of Business Forms~.
Containing entirely original Models of Letters on all business
subjects, with appropriate replies; also, several specimens of
continuous Correspondence, exhibiting by a series of Letters, the
commencement, progress, and completion of Mercantile Transactions. By
WILLIAM B. DICK.

This work includes correct forms for Business Notices and Cards, and
Partnership Announcements; for Applications for Employment and
neatly-worded Answers to Inquiries and Advertisements; for occasional
Circulars, properly displayed, and for drawing up Business Documents,
Notes, Checks, Receipts, Mortgages, Assignments, Wills, Power of
Attorney, Letters of Credit, Account-Sales, Accounts Current,
Invoices, Bills of Lading, &c., and the correct method of adjusting
General and Particular Averages.

It contains, in addition, a Glossary of Technical Terms used in
Commerce; a rapid and simple method of computing Interest; a Table
showing the value of Foreign Coins in United States' Currency; and
other useful, practical and interesting information, in all the
details necessary for conducting commercial correspondence.

    200 pages, boards      ~50 cts.~

~Dick's Letter Writer for Ladies.~ Consisting of over Five Hundred
entirely original Letters and Notes, with various replies, on every
subject and occasion that a Lady in good society could possibly
require. They are all new and written expressly for this work.

These letters, &c., are excellent models of ease and elegant style,
facility in method of expression, and correct form; they furnish,
therefore, valuable aid to Ladies, who, however otherwise
accomplished, are deficient in the necessary acquirement of the
graceful and properly-worded correspondence which their social
position demands.

    268 pages, boards      ~50 cts.~

~Chesterfield's Letter-Writer and Complete Book of Etiquette.~
Containing the Art of Letter-Writing simplified, a guide to friendly,
affectionate, polite and business correspondence, and rules for
punctuation and spelling, with complete rules of Etiquette and the
usages of Society. An excellent hand-book for reference.

    Bound in boards      ~40 cts.~




CHECKERS OR DRAUGHTS.


~Robertson's Guide to the Game of Draughts.~ Embracing all of the
twenty-two well-known Openings, with 3,340 Variations, including and
correcting all that are given in the leading treatises already
published, with about 1,200 new and original Variations which appear
for the first time in this work, forming a thorough and complete
digest and analysis of the Game with corrections and additions up to
the present time. The number of moves aggregate nearly 100,000. Match
play by Yates, Wylie, Barker and others, will be found regularly
classified. A change has been made in the trunks generally, and
throughout the whole work there appears much that is fresh and
original, instead of the usual well-worn book play.

    Bound in cloth, 8vo, 320 pages      ~$3.00~

~Anderson's Checkers.~ Containing complete Instructions and rules
for playing Checkers or Draughts. Illustrated with Diagrams; including
all the Standard Games and their Variations, and numerous Problems
with their Solutions. By Andrew Anderson. In a certain sense, this
is a reprint of Anderson's Celebrated "Second Edition", revised,
corrected and enlarged by Robert M'Culloch; that is, his play when
sound is given intact, and where improvements have been shown they
have been incorporated, and unsound play eliminated.

    12mo, cloth      ~$1.50~

~Spayth's American Draught Player; or the Theory and Practice of the
Scientific Game of Checkers.~ Simplified and Illustrated with
Practical Diagrams. Containing upwards of 1,700 Games and Positions.
By Henry Spayth. Sixth edition with over three hundred Corrections
and Improvements. Containing: The Standard Laws of the Game--Full
instructions--Draught Board Numbered--Names of the Games, and how
formed--The "Theory of the Move and its Changes" practically explained
and illustrated with Diagrams--Playing Tables for Draught Clubs--New
Systems of Numbering the Board--Prefixing signs to the Variations--
List of Draught Treatises and Publications chronologically arranged.

    Bound in cloth, giltside and back      ~$3.00~

~Dunne's Draughts-Player's Guide and Companion.~ By Frank Dunne. A
thoroughly practical work, containing Instructions for beginners,
standard Rules, the "Move" and its changes, End Games, Openings,
Illustrative Games, Match Games, the Losing Game, and Problems, with
their Solutions. Also the Spanish, Italian, Polish and Turkish
varieties of the game.

    12mo, cloth      ~$1.50~

~Spayth's Draughts or Checkers for Beginners.~ This treatise was
written by Henry Spayth, the celebrated player, and is by far the most
complete and instructive elementary work on Draughts ever published.
It is profusely illustrated with diagrams of ingenious stratagems,
curious positions and perplexing Problems and contains a great variety
of interesting and instructive Games, progressively arranged and
clearly explained with notes, so that the learner may easily
comprehend them. With the aid of this Manual a beginner may soon
become a proficient in the game.

    Cloth, gilt side      ~75 cts.~

~Scattergood's Game of Draughts, or Checkers Simplified and
Explained.~ With practical Diagrams and Illustrations, together with a
Checker-Board, numbered and printed in red. Containing the Eighteen
Standard Games, with over 200 of the best variations selected from
various authors, with some never before published. By D. Scattergood.

    Bound in cloth, with flexible covers      ~50 cts.~




CHESS AND CARD GAMES.


~Mortimer's Chess Players' Pocket-Book.~ A complete and handy Manual
of all the known Openings and Gambits, with a thorough analysis of
each, its variations and defense, the more intricate of which are
instructively carried out beyond the opening moves. By James Mortimer.
The special feature of this work is the manner in which the notation
is arranged in tabular form, by which greater perspicuity is gained
for study, and so reduces the bulk that it can easily be carried in
the pocket for ready reference. This book is emphatically endorsed by
all the leading Chess Critics.

    Cloth, pocket size      ~50 cts.~

~Gossip's Chess-Players' Text Book.~ It introduces a preliminary
Game, elucidated step by step for the instruction of beginners. It
gives a full and extended analysis of all the Openings and Gambits in
general use, with illustrative Games analytically explained, and a
number of interesting End-Games and Strategic positions calculated to
afford advanced players a more thorough insight into the intricacies
of the Game.

    Bound in Cloth. 156 pages      ~75 cts.~

~Marache's Manual of Chess.~ Containing a description of the Board and
Pieces, Chess Notation, Technical Terms, with diagrams illustrating
them. Laws of the Game, Relative Value of Pieces, Preliminary Games
for beginners, Fifty Openings of Games, giving all the latest
discoveries of Modern Masters, with the best games and copious notes;
Twenty Endings of Games, showing easiest way of effecting checkmate;
Thirty-six ingenious Diagram Problems, and sixteen curious Chess
Stratagems, being one of the best Books for Beginners ever published.
By N. Marache.

    Bound in cloth, gilt side      ~50 cts.~

~Dick's Hand-Book Of Cribbage.~ Containing full directions for playing
all the Varieties of the Game, and the Laws which govern them. This
work is ENTIRELY NEW, and gives the correct method of playing the
Six-Card, Five-Card, Two-Handed, Three-Handed, and Four-Handed
Varieties of the Game, with instructive examples, showing clearly
all the combinations of Hand, Crib, and Play, with a thorough
investigation of long sequences in play, and the value of Hands. The
Laws of the game have been carefully revised in accordance with the
recognized usages of the present time, and constitute a reliable
authority on all points of the Game.

    18mo., cloth, flexible      ~50 cts.~

~Dick's Hand-Book of Whist.~ Containing Pole's and Clay's Rules for
playing the modern scientific game, the Club Rules of Whist, and two
interesting Double Dummy Problems. This is a thorough treatise on the
game of Whist, taken from "The American Hoyle" which is the standard
authority. It covers all the points and intricacies which arise in the
game; including the acknowledged code of etiquette observed by the
players, with Drayson's remarks on Trumps, their use and abuse, and
all the modern methods of signalling between partners.

    ~25 cts.~

~Pole on Whist.~ The Theory of the Modern Scientific Game of Whist. By
William Pole, F.R.S. This complete and exhaustive Treatise on the Game
is in handy form for the pocket, and affords lucid instructions at all
stages of the game for partners to play in combination for their best
interests.

    14th Edition      ~20 cts.~

~The Game of Euchre.~ Containing the Game tersely described, valuable
hints and advice to learners, the latest rules, and all necessary
directions for playing the Two-Handed, Three-Handed (or Cut-Throat)
and Four-Handed Games, clearly explained.

    Vest pocket size      ~15 cts.~




ALBUM VERSES, ODD-FELLOWSHIP, &c.


~Dick's Original Album Verses and Acrostics.~ Containing a voluminous
and varied collection of Original Verses written expressly

    _For Autograph Albums_;
    _To Accompany Bouquets_;
    _For Birthday Anniversaries_;
    _For Wooden, Tin, Crystal, Silver and Golden Weddings_;
    _For Album Dedications_;
    _To Accompany Philopena Forfeits_;
    _For Congratulation_;
    _For Valentines in General and all Trades and Professions._

It contains also Two Hundred and Eighteen Original Acrostic Verses,
the initial letters of each verse forming a different Lady's Christian
name, the meaning and derivation of the name being appended to each.
The primary object of this book is to furnish entirely fresh and
unhackneyed matter for all who may be called upon to fill and adorn a
page in a Lady's Album; but it contains also new and appropriate
verses to suit Birthday, Wedding, and all other Anniversaries and
Occasions to which verses of Compliment or Congratulation are
applicable.

    Paper covers             ~50 cts.~
    Bound in full cloth      ~75 cts.~

~Sut Lovingood.~ Yarns spun by a "Nat'ral Born Durn'd Fool", Warped
and Wove for Public Wear, by George W. Harris. Illustrated with eight
fine full page engravings, from designs by Howard. It would be
difficult, we think, to cram a larger amount of pungent humor into 300
pages than will be found in this really funny book. The Preface and
Dedication are models of sly simplicity, and the 24 Sketches which
follow are among the best specimens of broad burlesque to which the
genius of the ludicrous, for which the Southwest is so distinguished,
has yet given birth.

    12mo., cloth      ~$1.50~

~Dick's Mysteries of the Hand; or, Palmistry made Easy.~ Translated,
Abridged and Arranged from the French Works of Desbarrolles,
D'Arpentigny and De Para d'Hermes. The various lines and mounts on the
palm of the hand, and the typical formation of the hand and fingers
are all clearly explained and illustrated by diagrams. The meaning to
be deduced from the greater or less development of these mounts and
lines (each of which has its own signification), also from the length,
thickness and shape of the thumb and fingers, and from the mutual
bearing they exercise on each other, is all distinctly explained.
Complete facility for instant reference is insured by means of
marginal notes by which any point of detail may be found and consulted
at a glance. By means of this book the hitherto occult mystery of
Palmistry is made simple and easy, and the whole Art may be acquired
without difficulty or delay. It is emphatically Palmistry in a
nutshell, and by its use, character and disposition can be discerned
and probable future destiny foretold with surprising accuracy.

    Illuminated paper cover      ~50 cts.~

~Lola Montez' Arts of Beauty; or, Secrets of a Lady's Toilet.~ _With
Hints to Gentlemen on the Art of Fascinating._ Lola Montez here
explains all the Arts employed by the celebrated beauties and ladies
in Paris and other cities of Europe, for the purpose of preserving
their beauty and improving and developing their charms. The recipes
are all clearly given, so that any person can understand them.

    Paper      ~25 cts.~

~Lander's Revised Work of Odd-Fellowship.~ Containing all the
Lectures, complete, with Regulations for Opening, Conducting, and
Closing a Lodge; together with forms of Initiation, Charges of the
Various Officers, etc., with the Complete work in the following
degrees: Initiation; First, or Pink Degree; Second, or Royal Blue
Degree; Third, or Scarlet Degree. By EDWIN F. LANDER. This hand-book
of the Revised Work of the Independent Order of Odd-Fellowship has
been prepared in conformity with the amendments and alterations
adopted by the Sovereign Grand Lodge of Canada, September, 1880.

    16mo, paper cover      ~25 cts.~




READY RECKONERS AND LUMBER MEASURERS.


~Day's American Ready-Reckoner.~ This Ready-Reckoner is composed of
Original Tables, which are positively correct, having been revised in
the most careful manner. It is a book of 192 pages, and embraces more
matter than 500 pages of any other Reckoner. It contains: Tables for
Rapid Calculations of Aggregate Values, Wages, Salaries, Board,
Interest Money, etc.; Tables of Timber and Plank Measurement; Tables
of Board and Log Measurement, and a great variety of Tables and useful
calculations which it would be impossible to enumerate in an
advertisement of this limited space. All the information in this
valuable book is given in a simple manner, and is made so plain, that
any person can use it at once without any previous study or loss of
time.

    Boards      ~50 cts.~
    Cloth       ~75 cts.~

~Brisbane's Golden Ready-Reckoner.~ Calculated in Dollars and Cents.
Showing at once the amount or value of any number of articles or
quantity of goods, or any merchandise, either by gallon, quart, pint,
ounce, pound, quarter hundred, yard, foot, inch, bushel, etc., in an
easy and plain manner.

    Boards      ~35 cts.~

~Dick's Log and Lumber Measurer.~ A complete set of Tables, with
full instructions for their use, showing at a glance the cubical
contents of logs and the feet of inch-boards they contain by Doyle's
Rule, the measurement of timber of all kinds and dimensions, and all
other necessary information for measuring and estimating the value of
lumber according to present usages. It includes also useful and
practical Tables of Wages by the day, week, and month, and valuable
statistical matter of interest to carpenters, builders, and the lumber
trade. All the tables are new, reliable, and proved correct.

    Boards      ~25 cts.~

~Row's Complete Fractional Ready Reckoner.~ For buying and selling any
kind of merchandise, giving the fractional parts of a pound, yard,
etc., from one-quarter to one thousand at any price from one-quarter
of a cent to five dollars.

    36mo, 232 pages. Boards      ~50 cts.~

~Row's National Wages Tables.~ Showing at a glance the amount of
wages, from half an hour to sixty hours, at from $1 to $37 per week.
Also from one-quarter of a day to four weeks, at $1 to $37 per week.
By this book a large pay-roll can be made out in a few minutes, thus
saving more time in making out one pay-roll than the cost of the book.

    80 pages, half bound      ~50 cts.~

~The Magicians Own Book; or, The Whole Art of Conjuring.~ A complete
hand-book of Parlor Magic, containing over a thousand Optical,
Chemical, Mechanical, Magnetic and Magical Experiments, Astonishing
Sleights and Subtleties, Celebrated Card Deceptions, Ingenious Tricks
with Numbers, curious and entertaining Puzzles, the art of Secret
Writing, together with all the most noted tricks of modern performers.

    Illustrated with over 500 wood-cuts, 12mo, cloth, gilt      ~$1.50~

~The American Boy's Manual of Practical Mechanics.~ Prominent among
the wide range of subjects embraced in this book are Carpentry and
Carpenters' Tools; Plain and Ornamental Turning in Woods, Metal, etc.;
the construction of various model Steam Engines and Steamboats; Boat
and Canoe building, Telegraphy, and the various batteries employed;
Electrotyping, Dioramas, Sand Clocks, Glass Blowing and Gilding on
Glass; Magic Lanterns, and Calcium Lights; Aquaria; Telescopes;
Balloons, and Fireworks; and other useful and ornamental appliances.
Profusely illustrated.

    169 pages, 8vo, paper      ~50 cts.~
    Bound in cloth             ~$1.00~




HUMOROUS BOOKS.


~Dr. Valentine's Comic Lectures; or, Morsels of Mirth for the
Melancholy.~ Containing Comic Lectures on Heads, Faces, Noses and
Mouths; Comic Lectures on Animal Magnetism; Burlesque Specimens of
Stump Eloquence; Transactions of Learned Societies; Comical
Delineation of Eccentric Characters; Amusing Colloquies and
Monologues. With twelve portraits of Dr. Valentine in character.

    ~30 cts.~

~Mrs. Partington's Carpet-Bag of Fun.~ Containing the Queer Sayings of
Mrs. Partington, and the Funny Doings of her remarkable Son Isaac.
Also the most amusing collection extant of Playful Puns, Phunny Poems,
Pleasing Prose, Popular Parodies, and Political Pasquinades, Rhymes
Without Reason and Reason Without Rhymes, Anecdotes, Conundrums,
Anagrams, etc. Illustrated.

    Paper      ~30 cts.~

~Yale College Scrapes; or, How the Boys Go it at New Haven.~ This is a
book of 114 pages, containing accounts of all the famous "Scrapes" and
"Sprees" of which students of Old Yale have been guilty for the last
quarter of a century.

    ~25 cts.~

~Chips From Uncle Sam's Jack-Knife.~ Illustrated with over 100 Comical
Engravings, and comprising a collection of over 500 Laughable Stories,
Funny Adventures, Comic Poetry, Queer Conundrums, Terrific Puns and
Sentimental Sentences.

    ~25 cts.~

~Fox's Ethiopian Comicalities.~ Containing Strange Sayings, Eccentric
Doings, Burlesque Speeches, Laughable Drolleries and Funny Stories, by
the celebrated Ethiopian Comedian Charles Fox.

    ~10 cts.~

~Ned Turner's Circus Joke Book.~ A collection of the best Jokes, Bon
Mots, Repartees, Gems of Wit and Funny Sayings and Doings of the
celebrated Equestrian Clown and Ethiopian Comedian, Ned Turner.

    ~10 cts.~

~Ned Turner's Black Jokes.~ A collection of Funny Stories, Jokes and
Conundrums, with Witty Sayings and Humorous Dialogues, as given by Ned
Turner.

    ~10 cts.~

~Ned Turner's Clown Joke Book.~ Containing the best Jokes and Gems of
Wit, composed and delivered by Ned Turner.

    ~10 cts.~

~Charley White's Joke Book.~ Containing a full exposé of all the
most Laughable Jokes, Witticisms, etc., as told by the celebrated
Ethiopian Comedian, Charles White.

    ~10 cts.~

~Black Wit and Darky Conversations.~ Containing laughable
Anecdotes, Jokes and Darky Conversations.

    ~10 cts.~

~Broad Grins of the Laughing Philosopher.~ This book is full of
the drollest and queerest incidents imaginable, interspersed with
jokes, quaint sayings and funny pictures.

    ~13 cts.~

~Very, Very Funny.~ Containing the Cream of the best funny things
published in "Puck", "The Detroit Free Press," "Norristown Herald,"
"Peck's Sun," "Texas Siftings," "Arkansaw Traveler," etc. No
threadbare jokes, but everything fresh and profusely illustrated.

    ~10 cts.~

~How to Speak in Public; or, the Art of Extempore Oratory.~ A
valuable manual for those who desire to become ready off-hand
speakers; containing clear directions how to arrange ideas logically
and quickly, including examples of speeches delivered by some of the
greatest orators.

    Paper      ~25 cts.~

~Jack Johnson's Jokes for the Jolly.~ A collection of Funny Stories,
Droll Incidents, Queer Conceits and Apt Repartees. Illustrating the
Drolleries of Border Life in the West, Yankee Peculiarities, Dutch
Blunders, French Sarcasms, Irish Wit and Humor, etc., with short
Ludicrous Narratives.

    Paper      ~25 cts.~

~Snipsnaps and Snickerings of Simon Snodgrass.~ A collection of
Laughable Irish Stories, Dutch Blunders, Yankee Tricks and Dodges,
Backwoods Boasting, Humors of Horse-trading, Negro Comicalities,
Frenchmen's Queer Mistakes, Scotch Shrewdness, and other phases of
eccentric character. It is also full of funny engravings.

    ~25 cts.~

~The Strange and Wonderful Adventures of Bachelor Butterfly.~ Showing
how his passion for Natural history completely eradicated the tender
passion implanted in his breast--also detailing his Extraordinary
Travels both by sea and land--his Hair-breadth Escapes from fire and
cold--his being come over by a Widow with nine small children--and
other Perils of a most extraordinary nature. The whole illustrated by
about 200 engravings.

    ~30 cts.~

~The Laughable Adventures of Messrs. Brown, Jones, and Robinson.~
Showing where they went, and how they went, what they did and how they
did it. Here is a book which will make you split your sides laughing.
It shows the comical adventures of three jolly young greenhorns, who
went travelling, and got into all manner of scrapes and funny
adventures. Illustrated with nearly 200 comic engravings.

    ~30 cts.~

~The Jolly Joker; or, a Laugh all Round.~ An immense Collection of the
Funniest Jokes, Drollest Anecdotes and most Side-Splitting Oddities in
existence. The illustrations alone are sufficient for a constant and
long-sustained series of good square laughs for all time. 12 mo, 144
pages.

    Paper      ~25 cts.~

~The Mishaps and Adventures of Obadiah Oldbuck.~ This humorous and
curious book sets forth, with 188 comic drawings, the misfortunes
which befell Mr. Oldbuck; and also his five unsuccessful attempts
to commit suicide--his hair-breadth escapes from fire, water and
famine--his affection for his poor dog, etc. To look over this book
will make you laugh, and you can't help it.

    ~30 cts.~

~Uncle Josh's Trunkful Of Fun.~ Containing a rich collection of

    _Comical Stories, Cruel Sells_,
    _Side-Splitting Jokes, Humorous Poetical Drolleries_,
    _Quaint Parodies, Burlesque Sermons._
    _New Conundrums, Mirth-Provoking Speeches._
    _Curious Puzzles, Amusing Card Tricks, and_
    _Astonishing Feats of Parlor-Magic._

This book is illustrated with nearly 200 funny engravings, and
contains, in 64 large octavo double-column pages, at least three times
as much reading matter and real fun as any other book of the price.

    ~15 cts.~

~Draiper's Six Hundred Ways to Make Money.~ A reliable Compendium
of valuable Receipts for making articles in constant demand and of
ready sale, carefully selected from private sources and the best
established authorities. By Edmund S. Draiper, Professor of Analytical
Chemistry, etc. This Collection of Receipts is undoubtedly the most
valuable and comprehensive that has ever been offered to the public in
so cheap a form.

    144 pages, paper      ~30 cts.~

~The Life, Crime and Capture of John Wilkes Booth.~ With a full
Sketch of the Conspiracy of which he was the Leader, and the Pursuit,
Trial and Execution of his Accomplices. By George Alfred Townsend.
Illustrated on the cover with a fine portrait of the Assassin, and
also containing Plans, Maps, etc.

    ~25 cts.~




MISCELLANEOUS.


~The Reason Why of General Science.~ A careful collection of some
thousands of Reasons for things which, though generally known, are
imperfectly understood. It is a complete Encyclopedia of Science; and
persons who have never had the advantage of a liberal education may,
by the aid of this volume, acquire knowledge which the study of years
only would impart in the ordinary course.

    Cloth, illustrated      ~$1.50~

~Biblical Reason Why.~ A Handsome Book for Biblical Students, and
a Guide to Family Scripture Readings. This work gives 1,434 Reasons,
founded upon the Bible, and assigned by the most eminent Divines and
Christian Philosophers, for the great and all-absorbing events
recorded in the History of the Bible, the Life of our Saviour and the
Acts of his Apostles. It will enable Sunday-school teachers to explain
most of the obscure and difficult passages that occur in the
Scriptures.

    Cloth, gilt      ~$1.50~

~The Reason Why of Natural History.~ An illustrated book of popular
information on all matters relating to Birds, Beasts, Fishes,
Reptiles, etc. It gives the Reasons for hundreds of interesting facts
in connection with Zoology, and affords an immense amount of
instruction in the peculiar habits and instincts of the various orders
of the Animal Kingdom.

    Bound in cloth, gilt      ~$1.50~

~Biblical Things not Generally Known.~ A collection of Facts, Notes
and Information concerning much that is rare, quaint, curious, obscure
and little known in relation to Biblical subjects. This work is
complete in two volumes, the second volume containing the entire index
to both.

    12mo, cloth. Each volume      ~$1.50~

~Dick's Festival Reciter.~ Containing Original and Selected Pieces,
Recitations, and Attractive Programmes, suitable for the Anniversaries
of the Fourth of July and Washington's Birthday, including Memorial or
Decoration Day, and the Festivals of Thanksgiving Day, Christmas,
Easter, Arbor Day and May Day.

    Paper covers      ~30 cts.~

~Dick's Choice Pieces for Little Children.~ Containing Speeches and
Recitations adapted for Children from four to ten years of age,
including Prologues, Epilogues, and appropriate Pieces for Christmas,
Arbor Day, and other Occasions.

    Paper covers      ~15 cts.~

~Little Lines for Little Speakers.~ A collection of Short and Easy
Pieces for very young children; new, bright and effective.

    16mo, paper cover      ~15 cts.~

~Briggs' American Tanner.~ Containing improved quick methods for
Tanning all kinds of light Skins, such as Sheep, Goat, Dog, Rabbit,
Otter, Beaver, Mink, Muskrat, Wolf, Fox, etc., with or without the
wool or fur; with hints how to cure skins, and color wool or fur. By
N. R. Briggs.

    ~25 cts.~

~American Leads at Whist.~ A condensed Treatise abridged from the
well-known work by "Cavendish," explaining and elucidating the
generally accepted modern methods of American Leads as applied to
legitimate signaling between partners during the progress of the game.
Illustrated with Diagrams.

    Vest pocket size      ~15 cts.~

~Cinch.~ A thorough hand-book of the game of "Cinch" or High-Five,
containing the correct method of playing and the Laws which govern it;
compiled from the best and most reliable authorities by "Trumps".

    ~10 cts.~




POPULAR HAND-BOOKS.


~Dick's Yachting and Sailing.~ Containing practical instructions
in all that pertains to the Construction, Rigging, and Management of
Sloop, Schooner, Yawl, Ketch-rigged, Cutter, Cat, and other Yachts,
with the Laws and Regulations concerning Sailing, Lights, Flags,
Signals, etc., and the general Rules for Sailing and Nautical
Etiquette adopted by the leading Yacht Clubs of the United States. It
includes a complete Glossary of Nautical Terms and Phrases, with a
tabulated explanation of Bell-time, and Instructions in the use of
the Log-line, Mercator's Chart, Compass, and other implements and
appliances necessary for navigation, and all the Knots, Bends, Hitches
and Splices for Ropes and Cordage. Illustrated with explanatory
engravings and diagrams.

    Bound in cloth      ~75 cts.~

~Mitchell's Manual of Boxing.~ A thorough Handbook of Instruction
in all the legitimate methods of Attack and Defense in the Manly Art,
with Rules and Exercises, and including the Laws adopted by the
Amateur Boxing Association. By Charley Mitchell. Illustrated with
thirty-two engravings, showing all the Hits, Guards, Counters, etc.,
which are necessary in scientific boxing, with a great deal of
wholesome advice based upon the author's personal career and
experience.

    ~25 cts.~

~Muldoon's Wrestling.~ A complete Treatise on the various English,
Scotch, American, French, German, and Japanese styles of Wrestling,
with thorough Instructions and Rules. By James Muldoon. Profusely
illustrated with engravings, explaining the positions of attack with
the best means of defense in every style of Wrestling. The author's
wide experience and successful career are sufficient guarantees of the
thoroughness and comprehensiveness of this work.

    ~25 cts.~

~The Young Gymnast.~ Containing thorough Instructions for the
Gymnasium, with Exercises with the Leaping Pole, Horizontal and
Parallel Bars, Trapeze, Dumb Bells, and Indian Clubs; including
directions for Training, and for the treatment of accidental injuries.
All the exercises are very clearly explained, and the illustrations
make them easily comprehended. It includes also a number of amusing
Gymnastic tricks and feats.

    Large 16mo      ~25 cts.~

~Dunn's Fencing Instructor.~ A complete Manual of the Art of Fencing,
giving a plain description of the Lines of Engagement, Position,
Salute and Assault, and Attacks and Parries. By H. A. Colemore Dunn.
Fully illustrated. By the aid of this book of instructions the art of
Fencing can be thoroughly learned, and proficiency attained without
the aid of a master.

    Large 16mo      ~25 cts.~

~The Lovers' Guide to Courtship and Marriage.~ A dissertation on
Love and Lovers, with wise suggestions for successful Courtship, and
excellent advice in all matters before and after Marriage.

    Large 16mo      ~25 cts.~

~The Oarsman's Manual.~ Containing thorough and practical instructions
in Rowing and Sculling. It gives valuable advice and hints for
Professionals in the Art, with the best methods for coaching Tyros
from their first beginnings to perfect proficiency. It includes a
searching analysis of the most effective styles of rowing, as well as
of the faulty methods frequently met with, and the best ways of
correcting them. Illustrated.

    Large 16mo      ~25 cts.~

~The Complete Checker-Player.~ A handy Manual of the Game of Draughts
or Checkers, giving a lucid description of the game, with the regular
openings, endings, critical and interesting positions, the Laws of the
Game, the Losing Game, and Polish Checkers, with an illustrative game
played out for the instruction of the learner. Fully illustrated by
Diagrams.

    Large 16mo      ~25 cts.~




THEATRICALS, DIALOGUES AND TABLEAUX.


~Weldon's Fancy Costumes.~ Containing complete instructions how
to make an immense variety of Historical, National and Fancy Dresses;
giving minute details regarding the color and quantity of all the
materials needed for each Costume, and illustrated with over fifty
full-page engravings.

    ~50 cts.~

~Tony Denier's Parlor Tableaux, or Living Pictures.~ Containing
about eighty popular subjects, with plain directions for arranging the
stage, dressing-room, lights, full description of costumes, duties of
stage manager, properties and scenery required, and all the directions
for getting them up. Among the contents there are nine tableaux for
_male_ and an equal number for _female_ characters only. Everything
is stated in a plain, simple manner, so that it will be easily
understood; everything like style or unnecessary show has been
avoided.

    Price      ~25 cts.~

~Tony Denier's Secret of Performing Shadow Pantomimes.~ Showing
how to get them up and how to act in them; with full and concise
instructions and numerous illustrations. Also full and complete
descriptions of properties and costumes.

    Price      ~25 cts.~

~Pollard's Artistic Tableaux.~ With Picturesque Diagrams and
descriptions of Costumes. Text by Josephine Pollard; arrangement of
Diagrams by Walter Satterlee. This excellent work gives all the
necessary information in relation to the preparation of the stage, the
dressing and grouping of the characters, and the method of arranging
everything so as to produce the proper effects. It is furnished with
descriptive diagrams by an artist who has had large experience in the
arrangement of tableaux.

    Paper      ~30 cts.~

~Frost's Book of Tableaux and Shadow Pantomimes.~ A collection of
Tableaux Vivants and Shadow Pantomimes, with Stage instructions for
Costuming, Grouping, etc.

    180 pages, paper covers.              ~30 cts.~
    Bound in Boards, with cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~Kavanaugh's Humorous Dramas for School Exhibitions and Private
Theatricals.~ Original and written expressly for School and Parlor
performance.

    Paper       ~30 cts.~
    Boards      ~50 cts.~

~Dick's Diverting Dialogues.~ They are short, full of telling
"situations," introducing easy dialect characters, and present the
least possible difficulties in scenery and costume to render them
exceedingly attractive.

    Paper       ~30 cts.~
    Boards      ~50 cts.~

~Dick's Comic Dialogues.~ Eight of the Dialogues are for males only,
requiring from two to six characters; the remaining pieces are for
both sexes. They are all bright, witty, very entertaining, and full of
droll and effective "situations."

    184 pages, paper      ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards       ~50 cts.~

~Dick's Dialogues and Monologues.~ Containing entirely original
Dialogues, Monologues, Farces, etc., etc., expressly designed for
parlor performance, full of humor and telling "situations," and
requiring the least possible preparation of Costumes and Scenery to
make them thoroughly effective.

    180 pages, paper      ~30 cts.~
    Boards                ~50 cts.~

~Dick's Little Dialogues for Little People.~ Original and
carefully selected Dialogues specially adapted for performance by
young and quite young Children in Sunday School and other juvenile
entertainments. Some of the Dialogues are exceedingly witty and
effective; others are well suited for more serious occasions, and all
of them entirely within the capabilities of small children.

    ~15 cts.~




POPULAR HAND-BOOKS.


~The Hunter and Angler.~ A handy Manual of Hunting. Trapping, and
Angling, with Valuable Hints in regard to Guns, Rods, Game, Fish, and
Baits; including instructions for the care and Medical Treatment of
Dogs. It gives good advice in the choice of guns, rifles, and their
necessary ammunition for the different purposes for which they are
employed; also a description of the dogs used for sporting, with their
treatment in health and sickness. It includes advice and instructions
for the use of fishing rods and their appurtenances, with the best
flies and baits for attracting the various kinds of fishes. Also a
description of the most reliable and successful traps and snares for
animals and birds, with appropriate baits. Illustrated.

    Large 16mo      ~25 cts.~

~The Taxidermist's Manual.~ Containing complete Instructions in
the Art of Taxidermy, with directions how to Prepare, Mount, and
Preserve all kinds of Birds, Animals and Insects. By Graham Allen.
Profusely illustrated.

    Large 16mo      ~25 cts.~

~The Hamilton Speaker.~ A collection of New and Original Extracts,
arranged and adapted for Reading, Speaking, Recitation, and
Elocutionary Culture, for the use of High Schools and Colleges, by
Oliver E. Branch, A.M., of the New York Bar, formerly of the Brooklyn
Polytechnic and Collegiate Institute.

    257 pages, cloth      ~$1.00~

~Burbank's Recitations and Readings.~ A collection of Humorous,
Dramatic and Dialect Selections, edited and arranged for public
readings or recitation, by Alfred P. Burbank. Containing many choice
selections never before in print.

    ~25 cts.~

~Dick's Comic and Dialect Recitations.~ A collection of comic
Recitations and Dialogues, funny Stories, laughable Descriptive Pieces
and Parodies, in Yankee, Dutch, Irish, and Chinese Dialects, suitable
for Entertainments and Exhibitions.

    Paper covers      ~30 cts.~
    Boards            ~50 cts.~

~Dick's Dutch, French, and Yankee Dialect Recitations.~ An unsurpassed
Collection of Droll Dutch Blunders, Frenchmen's Funny Mistakes, and
Ludicrous and extravagant Yankee Yarns, each Recitation being in its
own peculiar dialect.

    170 pages, paper      ~30 cts.~
    Boards                ~50 cts.~

~Dick's Irish Dialect Recitations.~ A Collection of rare Irish
Stories, Comic, Poetical and Prose Recitations, Humorous Letters and
Funny Recitals, all told with the irresistible Humor of the Irish
Dialect. This collection contains, in addition to new and original
pieces, all the very best recitations in the Irish Dialect that can be
gathered from a whole library of "Recitation" books.

    170 pages, paper      ~30 cts.~
    Boards                ~50 cts.~

~Dick's Little Speeches for Little Speakers.~ A carefully selected
collection of short and easy pieces, suitable for young children and
little tots, thoroughly in keeping with their cunning little ideas and
ways; including also instructive, patriotic and earnest pieces
appropriate for all occasions.

    ~15 cts.~

~Kavanaugh's Juvenile Speaker. For very Little Boys and Girls.~
Containing short and easily-learned Speeches and Dialogues, expressly
adapted for School Celebrations, May-day Festivals and Children's
Exhibitions. By Mrs. Russell Kavanaugh.

    Paper       ~30 cts.~
    Boards      ~50 cts.~

~Dick's Home Made Candies; or, How to Make Candy in the Kitchen.~
Containing complete Directions for making all the newest and most
delicious Cream Confections, with boiled syrup, or by the French
method without boiling: also the best receipts for all the favorite
Candies, Bon-bons, Glaces, Caramels, Taffy, etc., with perfectly
harmless flavorings and colorings, including all the information for
syrup-boiling, clarifying, and the use of utensils, necessary to
insure the most successful results.

    ~25 cts.~

~Confectioner's Hand-Book.~ Giving plain and practical directions
for making Confectionery. Containing upward of three hundred Recipes,
consisting of directions for making all sorts of Candies, Jellies,
Comfits, Preserves, Sugar Boiling, Iced Liquors, Waters, Gum, Paste
and Candy Ornaments, Syrups, Marmalades, Essences, Fruit, Pastes, Ice
Creams, Icings, Meringues, Chocolates, etc., etc. A complete Hand-Book
of the Confectioner's Art.

    Price      ~25 cts.~

~The Amateur Trapper and Trap-Maker's Guide.~ A complete and
carefully prepared treatise on the art of Trapping, Snaring and
Netting. This comprehensive work is embellished with fifty engraved
illustrations; and these, together with the clear explanations which
accompany them, will enable anybody of moderate comprehension to make
and set any of the traps described. It also gives the baits usually
employed by the most successful Hunters and Trappers, and exposes
their secret methods of attracting and catching animals, birds, etc.,
with scarcely a possibility of failure.

    Large 16mo, paper      ~50 cts.~
    Boards                 ~75 cts.~

~Rarey & Knowlson's Complete Horse Tamer and Farrier.~ A New and
Improved Edition, containing: Mr. Rarey's Whole Secret of Subduing and
Breaking Vicious Horses; His improved plan of Managing Young Colts,
and Breaking them to the Saddle, to Harness and the Sulky; Rules for
Selecting a Good Horse, and for Feeding Horses. Also the Complete
Farrier or Horse Doctor; being the result of fifty years' extensive
practice of the author, John C. Knowlson, during his life an English
Farrier of high popularity; containing the latest discoveries in the
cure of Spavin. Illustrated with descriptive engravings.

    Boards, cloth      ~50 cts.~

~Holberton's Art of Angling; or, How and Where to Catch Fish.~ A
practical Hand-Book for learners in everything that pertains to
the art of fishing with Rod and Reel. By Wakeman Holberton. Fully
illustrated. It describes the special methods and appliances requisite
to catch each variety of the finny tribe, and the most favorable
localities to find them; with practical hints on camping out,
necessary outfit, and the best choice of apparatus and baits, etc.

    Cloth, flexible      ~50 cts.~

~The Amateur Printer; or, Type-Setting at Home.~ A thorough and
complete instructor for the amateur in all the details of the
Printer's Art, giving practical information in regard to type, ink,
paper and all the implements requisite, with illustrated directions
for using them in a proper manner.

    Paper      ~25 cts.~

~The Painter's Hand-Book.~ A thorough Guide to all that pertains
to internal and external plain and tasteful House-painting. It
explains the nature of the pigments or materials in general use, the
best methods for their preparation and appliance, and the art of
mixing colors to produce any desired tint or shade; with valuable
receipts, hints and information to amateurs and experts.

    ~25 cts.~




BANJO AND BALL-ROOM GUIDES.


~Dick's Quadrille Call-Book and Ball-Room Prompter.~ Containing
clear directions how to call out the figures of every dance, with the
quantity of music necessary for each figure, and simple explanations
of all the figures which occur in Plain and Fancy Quadrilles. This
book gives plain and comprehensive instructions how to dance all the
new and popular dances, fully describing

    _The Opening March or Polonaise_,
    _Various Plain and Fancy Quadrilles_,
    _Waltz and Glide Quadrilles_,
    _Plain Lancers and Caledonians_,
    _Glide Lancers and Caledonians_,
    _Saratoga Lancers_,
    _The Parisian Varieties_,
    _The Prince Imperial Set_,
    _Social and Basket Quadrilles_,
    _Nine-Pin and Star Quadrilles_,
    _Gavotte and Minuet Quadrilles_,
    _March and Cheat Quadrilles_,
    _Favorite Jigs and Contra-Dances_,
    _Polka and Polka Redowa_,
    _Redowa and Redowa Waltz_,
    _Polka Mazourka and Old Style Waltz_,
    _Modern Plain Waltz and Glide_,
    _Boston Dip and Hop Waltz_,
    _Five-Step Waltz and Schottische_,
    _Varsovienne and Zulma L'Orientale_,
    _Galop and Deux Temps_,
    _Esmeralda, Sicilienne, Danish Dance_,

    AND OVER ONE HUNDRED FIGURES FOR THE "GERMAN";

To which is added a Sensible Guide to Etiquette and proper Deportment
in the Ball and Assembly Room, besides seventy pages of dance music
for the piano.

    Paper                ~50 cts.~
    Bound in boards      ~75 cts.~

~Hillgrove's Ball-Boom Guide and Complete Dancing-Master.~ Containing
a plain treatise on Etiquette and Deportment at Balls and Parties,
with valuable hints on Dress and the Toilet, together with

    _Full Explanations of the Rudiments, Terms, Figures and Steps
    used in Dancing_,

    _Including Clear and Precise Instructions how to dance all kinds
    of Quadrilles, Waltzes, Polkas, Redowas, Reels, Round, Plain and
    Fancy Dances, so that any person may learn them without the aid of
    a Teacher_,

_To which is added easy directions how to call out the Figures which
belong_ to every dance, and the amount of music required for each.
Illustrated with 176 descriptive engravings. By T. Hillgrove,
Professor of Dancing.

    Bound in cloth, with gilt side and back      ~$1.00~
    Bound in boards                              ~75 cts.~

~Frank Converse's Complete Banjo Instructor Without a Master.~
Containing a choice collection of Banjo Solos and Hornpipes, Walk
Arounds, Reels and Jigs, Songs and Banjo Stories, progressively
arranged and plainly explained, enabling the learner to become a
proficient banjoist without the aid of a teacher. The necessary
explanations accompany each tune, and are placed under the notes on
each page, plainly showing the string required, the finger to be used
for stopping it, the manner of striking, and the number of times it
must be sounded. The Instructor is illustrated with diagrams and
explanatory symbols.

    Boards      ~50 cts.~

~The Banjo, and How to Play it.~ Containing, in addition to the
elementary studies, a choice collection of Polkas, Waltzes Solos,
Schottisches. Songs, Hornpipes, Jigs, Reels, etc., with full
explanations of both the "Banjo" and "Guitar" styles of execution, and
designed to impart a complete knowledge of the art of playing the
Banjo practically, without the aid of a teacher. This work is arranged
on the progressive system, showing the learner how to play the first
few notes of a tune, then the next notes, and so on, a small portion
at a time, until he has mastered the entire piece, every detail being
as clearly and thoroughly explained as if he had a teacher at his
elbow all the time. By Frank B. Converse, author of the "Banjo without
a Master."

    16mo, bound in boards, cloth back      ~50 cts.~




GYMNASTICS, CALISTHENICS AND TRAINING.


~Alexander's Calisthenics and Musical Drill for Little Children.~
Containing Fifty-nine Exercises, with numerous variations, introducing
simple Calisthenics and Swimming Motions, Ring, Skipping and Marching
Exercises, profusely illustrated, with Piano Music for every movement.
A complete work on Recreative Calisthenics for young children and
Primary School Classes. By A. Alexander, Professor of Calisthenics and
Gymnastics.

    Paper      ~25 cts.~

~Cruden's Calisthenic Training and Musical Drill.~ A System of
Physical Exercises as an aid to Teachers in Class Training. By George
Cruden, A.M.

This work contains complete instructions in Military Marching,
Dumb-Bell, and Indian Club Exercises; including Musical Drill in Free
Gymnastics, Dumb-Bell and Bar-Bell Exercises and Hoop Drill, with
explanatory illustrations and Piano Music for every movement.

    Boards      ~50 cts.~

~Maclaren's Training in Theory and Practice.~ A Handbook of Training
for all athletic exercises in accordance with the accepted modern
theories and methods. It shows conclusively the errors and risks of
the old styles of Training, and gives the most thorough ways of
developing in the highest degree the muscular vigor, full respiration,
and physical endurance which is indispensable to success in all
athletic exercises and competitive exhibitions of strength, speed and
skill. By Archibald Maclaren, Professor of Gymnastics of the Oxford
University Gymnasium, England.

    Paper      ~50 cts.~

~Dick's Art of Gymnastics.~ Containing practical and progressive
exercises applicable to all the principal apparatus of a
well-appointed Gymnasium. Profusely illustrated. This work conveys
plain and thorough instruction in the exercises and evolutions taught
by the leading Professors of Gymnastics, so that proficiency may be
attained, even without the aid of a Teacher. It also offers to
Teachers a ready-arranged systematic course for their guidance.

    Cloth      ~$1.00~.

~Dick's Dumb-Bell and Indian Club Exercises.~ Containing practical
and progressive instructions in the use of Dumb-Bells, Bar-Bells and
Indian Clubs. Illustrated with cuts showing every position and motion
of the body and limbs.

    Paper      ~25 cts.~

~The Laws of Athletics.~ How to Preserve and Improve Health, Strength
and Beauty; and to Correct Personal Defects caused by Want of Physical
Exercise. How to Train for Walking, Running, Rowing, etc., with the
Systems of the Champion Athletes of the World. Including the Latest
Laws of all Athletic Games and How to Play Them. By William Wood,
Professor of Gymnastics.

    Paper      ~25 cts.~

~Athletic Sports for Boys.~ Containing complete instructions in
the manly accomplishments of Skating, Swimming, Rowing, Sailing,
Horsemanship, Riding, Driving, Angling, Fencing and Broadsword.
Illustrated with 194 wood-cuts.

    Boards      ~75 cts.~

~Dick's Art of Bowling; or, Bowler's Guide.~ Giving the correct method
of playing, keeping the score, and the latest Rules which govern the
American and German Games, with their most popular Variations,
including also the latest Regulations adopted in Match Games and
Tournaments. Fully illustrated with Diagrams, &c., explaining the
arrangement of the Pins, and correct methods of keeping the games.

    ~25 cts.~




PHONOGRAPHY AND BOOK-KEEPING.


~Pitman's Phonographic Teacher.~ A Practical Guide to Phonography
or Phonetic Short-Hand. By Isaac Pitman. New edition revised and
improved. This is acknowledged to be the best and most practical
system of Short-Hand, and this work is the only original, thorough and
reliable one of that system, which presents the fewest difficulties
and the widest resources, entirely dispensing with the aid of a
Teacher; and, although every system involves patience, perseverance
and steady practice, Pitman's method ensures a more speedy acquisition
of fluency and rapidity than any other.

    ~20 cts.~

~Key to the Phonographic Teacher.~ An efficient aid to the learner in
practicing and applying Pitman's Method of Short-hand, with exercises
and explanations.

    ~20 cts.~

~Pitman's Manual of Phonography.~ Containing a complete exposition of
the system of Phonetic Short-hand, with numerous short-hand examples
interspersed with the text, and exercises in reading. This Manual of
Isaac Pitman's System, which is now being introduced as the Text-Book
of Phonography in our educational institutions, has been revised and
corrected, year after year, by its inventor, and is now presented in
its latest and fullest perfection. Its pre-eminence is endorsed by the
fact that its sales have already reached 650,000.

    Convenient pocket size      ~40 cts.~

~Key to the Exercises in Pitman's Manual.~ A great help for students.

    ~20 cts.~

~Pitman's Phonographic Reporter; or, Reporter's Companion.~ An
adaptation of Pitman's System to verbatim reporting. By Isaac Pitman.
By the introduction of easily-acquired Phraseograms, Logograms, and
other simple devices, time and labor are saved to such an extent
that Reporters are enabled to keep pace with the most fluent speakers,
and render accurate and verbatim reports, without elisions or
condensation. This is the latest and crowning addition to the
Phonographic art, and brings it up to the greatest practical
perfection. Latest Edition, bound in boards.

    ~60 cts.~

~The Young Reporter; or, how to Write Shorthand.~ Intended to
afford thorough instructions to those who have not the assistance of
an Oral Teacher. By the aid of this work, and the explanatory examples
which are given as exercises, any person of ordinary intelligence may
learn to write Shorthand, and report Speeches and Sermons in a short
time.

    Boards      ~50 cts.~

~Odell's System Of Short-Hand.~ (Taylor Improved.) By which the
method of taking down sermons, lectures, trials, speeches, etc., may
be easily acquired, without the aid of a master. By this plan the
difficulties of mastering this useful art are very much lessened, and
the time required to attain proficiency reduced to the least possible
limits.

    ~25 cts.~

~Day's Book-Keeping Without a Master.~ Containing the Rudiments
of Book-keeping in Single and Double Entry, together with the proper
Forms and Rules for opening and keeping condensed and general Book
Accounts. This work is printed in a beautiful script type, and
combines the advantages of a handsome style of writing with its very
simple and easily understood lessons in Book-keeping. The several
pages have explanations at the bottom, in small type, to assist the
learner. As a pattern for opening book accounts it is especially
valuable--particularly for those who are not well posted in the art.

    ~50 cts.~




FREEMASONRY.


~Allyn's Ritual of Freemasonry.~ Containing a complete Key to the
following Degrees: Degree of Entered Apprentice; Degree of Fellow
Craft; Degree of Master Mason; Degree of Mark Master; Degree of Past
Master; Degree of Excellent Master; Degree of Royal Arch; Royal Arch
Chapter; Degree of Royal Master; Degree of Select Master; Degree of
Super-Excellent Master; Degree of Ark and Dove; Degree of Knights of
Constantinople; Degree of Secret Monitor; Degree of Heroine of
Jericho; Degree of Knights of Three Kings; Mediterranean Pass; Order
of Knights of the Red Cross; Order of Knights Templar and Knights of
Malta; Knights of the Christian Mark, and Guards of the Conclave;
Knights of the Holy Sepulchre; The Holy and Thrice Illustrious Order
of the Cross; Secret Master; Perfect Master; Intimate Secretary;
Provost and Judge; Intendant of the Buildings, or Master in Israel;
Elected Knights of Nine; Elected Grand Master; Sublime Knights
Elected; Grand Master Architect; Knights of the Ninth Arch; Grand
Elect Perfect and Sublime Mason. Illustrated with 38 copper-plate
engravings; to which is added, a Key to the Phi Beta Kappa, Orange,
and Odd Fellows Societies. By Avery Allyn, K. R. C. K. T. K. M., etc.

    12mo, cloth      ~$5.00~

~Lester's "Look to the East." (Webb Work.)~ A Ritual of the First
Three Degrees of Masonry. Containing the complete work of the Entered
Apprentice, Fellow Craft, and Master Mason's Degrees, and their
Ceremonies, Lectures, etc. Edited by Ralph P. Lester. This complete
and beautiful Pocket Manual of the First Three Degrees of Masonry is
printed in clear, legible type, and not obscured by any attempts at
cypher or other perplexing contractions. It gives the correct routine
of

    _Opening and Closing the Lodge in each Degree._
    _Calling off and Calling On._
    _Calling the Lodge Up and Down._
    _The Entire Ceremonies of Initiating, Passing and Raising
        Candidates._
    _The Lectures all Ritually and Monitorially Complete._

    Bound in cloth                                   ~$2.00~
    Leather tucks (pocket-book style) gilt edges      ~2.50~

~Duncan's Masonic Ritual and Monitor~; _or, Guide to the Three
Symbolic Degrees of the Ancient York Rite, Entered Apprentice, Fellow
Craft and Master Mason_. And to the Degrees of Mark Master, Past
Master, Most excellent Master, and the Royal Arch. By Malcolm C.
Duncan. Explained and Interpreted by copious Notes and numerous
Engravings. This is a valuable book for the Fraternity, containing, as
it does, the Modern "Work" of the order. No Mason should be without
it.

    Bound in cloth                                        ~$2.50~
    Leather tucks (pocket-book style) with gilt edges      ~3.00~

~Duncan's Rituale der Freimaurerei.~ A Guide, in the German
language, to the Three Symbolic Degrees of the Ancient York Rite.
Dieses Werk ist geschrieben, um den jungern Mitglieder des Ordens
einen Leitfaden an die Hand zu geben, und gibt eine genaue
Beschreibung aller in der _Arbeit_ gebrauchlichen Ceremonien,
Zeichen, Worte, Griffe, u.s.w.

    Leather tucks (pocket-book style), gilt edges      ~$2.00~

~Richardson's Monitor of Freemasonry.~ A complete Guide to the various
Ceremonies and Routine in Freemasons' Lodges, Chapters, Encampments,
Hierarchies, etc., in all the Degrees, whether Modern, Ancient,
Ineffable, Philosophical or Historical. Containing, also, the
Lectures, Addresses, Charges, Signs, Tokens, Grips, Passwords,
Regalias and Jewels in each Degree. Profusely illustrated with
Explanatory Engravings, Plans of the interior of Lodges, etc.

    Paper covers                                    ~75 cts.~
    Bound in gilt                                   ~$1.25~
    Bound in leather tucks (pocket-book style)      ~$2.00~




BOOKS ON CARDS AND OTHER GAMES.


~The American Hoyle; or, Gentleman's Hand-Book of Games.~ By "Trumps".
This work has long since been accorded the position of an exclusive
authority on games played in America. The FIFTEENTH EDITION, now
issued, newly arranged, in new type, contains all the latest
novelties, as well as the recent changes in games already in vogue,
profusely illustrated. Among the new games introduced in this edition
are Rubicon Piquet, Rubicon Bézique, Grabouche, Solo Whist, Cayenne
Whist, Domino Whist, Cinch or High Five, Baccarat Banque and Baccarat
Chemin de Fer, etc. In the game of Whist, the new features are
"Cavendish's" rules for play, with best leads, and a critical
examination of the system of "American Leads", elucidated by card
illustrations; also, the mode of procedure in Duplicate Whist. The
various games of Billiards and Pool, with the rules adopted in
matches and tournaments, are inserted by permission of the
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Company. The work also includes an
exposition of the Doctrine of Chances.

    Library Edition, 514 pages, 12 mo., cloth      ~$1.50~
    A cheaper edition, 16 mo., in paper covers     ~50 cts.~
    Bound in boards                                ~75 cts.~

~Hoyle's Games.~ By "Trumps". A complete Manual of the games of
skill and chance as played in America, and an acknowledged "arbiter on
all disputed points"; thoroughly revised and corrected in accordance
with the latest and best authorities. It contains the modern laws and
complete instructions for the games of Chess, Draughts, Dominoes,
Dice, Backgammon, and Billiards, as well as the games with cards at
present in vogue, including Baccarat, Duplicate Whist, Cayenne Whist,
Hearts, Grabouche, Newmarket, Solo Whist, Cinch or High Five, etc.

    Profusely illustrated. 16 mo, 514 pages, cloth      ~$1.25~
    Bound in boards                                     ~75 cts.~
    Paper covers                                        ~50 cts.~

~"Trumps" New Card Games.~ Containing correct method and rules for
playing the games of Hearts, Boodle, New Market, Five and Nine or
Domino-Whist, Solo, and Cayenne Whist.

    Paper covers      ~25 cts.~

~Dick's Games of Patience; or Solitaire with Cards.~ New and
Revised Edition. Containing Sixty-four Games. Illustrated with Fifty
explanatory full-page Tableaux. This treatise on Solitaire embraces a
number of new and original Games, and all the Games of Patience at
present in favor with the most experienced players. Each game is
carefully and lucidly described, with the distinctive rules to be
observed and hints as to the best means of success in play. The
Tableaux furnish efficient aid in rendering the disposition of the
cards necessary to each game plain and easily comprehensible. The
difficulty usually attending descriptions of intricate games is
reduced, as far as possible, by precision in method and terseness of
expression in the text, and the illustrations serve to dispel any
possible ambiguity that might be unavoidable without their aid.
Quarto, 143 pages.

    Board cover      ~75 cts.~
    Cloth            ~$1.00~

~Parlor Tricks with Cards.~ Containing explanations of all the
Tricks and Deceptions with playing Cards ever invented. The whole
illustrated and made plain and easy with 70 engravings.

    Paper                                 ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards, with cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~Modern Whist.~ Containing complete Rules and Instructions for
playing, including the system of American Leads, play of the first,
second, third and fourth hands, management of Trumps, Laws of the
Game, etc. Compiled from the latest works of "Cavendish," the leading
Modern Authority on Whist. By "Trumps."

    Paper covers      ~25 cts.~




ETIQUETTE AND PARLOR MAGIC.


~Frost's American Etiquette; or, Laws of Good Society.~ A condensed
but thorough treatise on Etiquette and its Usages in America.
Containing plain and reliable directions for correct deportment in
every situation and under all circumstances in life, including special
directions and instructions on the following subjects:--

    _Dinner Company and Invitations_;
    _Visiting, and Visiting Cards_,
    _Traveling, Riding and Driving_;
    _Balls, Morning and Evening Parties_;
    _Calls, Conversation and Street Etiquette_;
    _Salutes and Salutations_;
    _Weddings, Baptisms and Funerals_;
    _Church and Places of Amusement_;
    _Introductions and Letters of Introduction_;
    _Children, Hotel, and Card Table_;
    _Ladies' and Gentlemen's Toilet_;
    _Letter Writing and Servants_.

    BESIDES ONE HUNDRED UNCLASSIFIED LAWS APPLICABLE TO ALL OCCASIONS.

    Paper covers                     ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards, cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~Martine's Hand-Book of Etiquette and Guide to True Politeness.~
Containing clear and comprehensive directions for correct manners,
conversation, dress, introductions, rules for good behavior at Dinner
Parties and the Table, with the Etiquette of the Ball and Assembly
Room, Evening Parties, and the usages to be observed when visiting or
receiving calls; Deportment in the street and when traveling. To which
is added the Etiquette of Courtship, Marriage, and fifty-six rules to
be observed in general society.

    Bound in boards                 ~50 cts.~
    Bound in cloth, gilt sides      ~75 cts.~

~How to Shine in Society; or, The Science of Conversation.~
Containing the principles, laws and general usages of polite society,
including easily applied hints and directions for commencing and
sustaining an agreeable conversation, and for choosing topics
appropriate to the time, place and company, thus affording immense
assistance to the bashful and diffident.

    16mo. Paper covers      ~25 cts.~

~How to Behave; or, The Spirit of Etiquette.~ A Guide to Polite
Society, for Ladies and Gentlemen; containing rules for good behavior
at the dinner table, in the parlor, and in the street; with important
hints on introduction, conversation, etc.

    ~12 cts.~

~The Fireside Magician; or, The Art of Natural Magic Made Easy.~
Being a scientific explanation of Legerdemain, Recreative Chemistry,
Diversion with Cards, and of all the mysteries of Mechanical Magic,
comprising two hundred and fifty interesting mental and physical
recreations, with explanatory engravings.

    Paper                            ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards, cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~The Parlor Magician; or, One Hundred Tricks for the Drawing
Room.~ Containing an extensive and miscellaneous collection of
Conjuring, embracing: Tricks with Dice, Dominoes and Cards; Tricks
with Ribbons, Rings and Fruit; Tricks with Coin, Handkerchiefs and
Balls, etc. The whole illustrated with 121 engravings.

    Paper                                ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards with cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~Morgan's Freemasonry Exposed and Explained.~ Showing the Origin,
History and Nature of Masonry, and containing a Key to all the Degrees
of Freemasonry. Giving a clear and correct view of the manner of
conferring the different degrees, as practiced in all Lodges.

    ~25 cts.~




MINSTREL JOKES AND STUMP SPEECHES.


~Dick's Stump Speeches and Minstrel Jokes.~ Containing Short and
side-splitting Negro Acts and Farces, Eccentric Sketches, Stump
Speeches, Darkey Lectures, End-Men's Jokes and Gags, Burlesque
Sermons, Funny Dialogues, and everything necessary for a series of
first-class Minstrel Entertainments; including the latest
excruciations of modern Negro-Minstrelsy, and a number of startling
originalities, risible rib-ticklers and hysterical button-starters.

    Paper                            ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards, cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~Dick's Ethiopian Scenes, Variety Sketches and Stump Speeches.~
Containing an inexhaustible collection of End-Men's Jokes.

    _Negro Interludes and Farces_;
    _Fresh Dialogues for Interlocutor and Banjo_;
    _New Stump Speeches_;
    _Humorous Lectures_;
    _Dialect Sketches and Eccentricities_;
    _Dialogues and Repartee for Interlocutor and Bones_;
    _Quaint Burlesque Sermons_;
    _Jokes, Quips and Gags_.

    Paper covers                     ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards, cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~Tambo's End-Men's Minstrel Gags.~ Containing some of the best jokes
and repartees of the most celebrated "burnt cork" performers of our
day. Tambo and Bones in all sorts and manner of scrapes. Also
containing a rich collection of Darkey Dialogues, Sketches, Plantation
Scenes, Eccentric Doings, Humorous Lectures, Laughable Interludes,
Burlesque Stump Speeches, Mirth-provoking Witticisms, Conundrums,
Yarns, Plantation Songs and Dances, etc., etc. Everything new and
rich.

    Paper covers                     ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards, cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~Brudder Bones' Book of Stump Speeches and Burlesque Orations.~
Also containing Humorous Lectures, Ethiopian Dialogues, Plantation
Scenes, Negro Farces and Burlesques, Laughable Interludes and Comic
Recitations, interspersed with Dutch, Irish, French and Yankee
Stories. This book contains some of the best hits and mirth-provoking
jokes and repartees of the most celebrated End-Men of the day. Paper
covers.

    Price                            ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards, cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~Howard's Book of Conundrums and Riddles.~ Containing over 1,200
of the best Conundrums, Riddles, Enigmas, Ingenious Catches and
Amusing Sells ever invented. This splendid collection of curious
paradoxes will afford the material for a never-ending feast of fun and
amusement. Any person, with the assistance of this book, may take the
lead in entertaining a company, and keep them in roars of laughter for
hours together.

    Paper covers                     ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards, cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~Rowan's Riddles and Conundrums.~ A very choice gathering of Ancient,
Modern, and quite recent Riddles and Conundrums, quaintly arranged,
for amusement and merriment on opportune occasions. A first-rate
pocket companion for Picnics and Winter Evenings.

    ~15 cts.~

~Dick's Book of Alphabets.~ Containing a great variety of designs
for plain and Fanciful Alphabets, Numerals and illuminated Initial
letters in various colors, and elegant in style. It includes specimens
of modern Ornamental designs, and of the ancient grotesque, Arabesque,
and other eccentric devices for decoration and illumination, mainly
gathered from rare old vellums and scarce books of past centuries.
This work will be appreciated by Architects, Decorators, Designers,
Draughtsmen, etc.

    Oblong quarto, full cloth      ~$1.50~




GAMES AND AMUSEMENTS.


~Dick's Parlor Exhibitions, and How to Make them Successful.~
Containing complete and detailed directions for preparing and
arranging Parlor Exhibitions and Amateur Performances. It includes:

    _Tableaux Vivants._
    _Living Portraits._
    _Living Statuary._
    _Dame History's Peep Show._
    _Shadow Pantomimes._
    _Popular Ballads illustrated by appropriate action._
    _Charades of all kinds._
    _Parlor Pantomimes._
    _Punch and Judy._

    AND FIFTY OTHER DIVERTING PARLOR PASTIMES AND AMUSEMENTS.

It contains also a full Catalogue of the Celebrated "ART EXHIBITION,"
and a practical treatise on the wonderful SCIENCE OF SECOND SIGHT.

This work is thoroughly practical and gives the fullest instructions
for preparing and lighting the stage, the construction of the FRAMES
FOR LIVING PORTRAITS, and shows how each performance can be presented
with complete success. It is illustrated with numerous engravings
explaining the text.

    150 pages, paper      ~30 cts.~

~Dick's One Hundred Amusements for Evening Parties, Picnics and
Social Gatherings.~ This book is full of Original Novelties. It
contains: New and Attractive Games, clearly illustrated by means of
Witty Examples, showing how each may be most successfully played.
Surpassing Tricks, easy of performance. Musical and other innocent
sells. A variety of new and ingenious puzzles. Comical illusions,
fully described. These surprising and grotesque illusions, are very
startling in their effects, and present little or no difficulty in
their preparation.

    ALSO A NEW VERSION OF THE CELEBRATED "MRS. JARLEY'S WAX WORKS".

    Illustrated by sixty fine wood engravings. Paper      ~30 cts.~

~The Book of Fireside Games.~ Containing an explanation of a
variety of Witty, Rollicking, Entertaining and Innocent Games and
Amusing Forfeits, suited to the Family Circle as a Recreation. This
book is just the thing for social gatherings, parties and picnics.

    Paper covers.      ~30 cts.~

~The Book Of 500 Curious Puzzles.~ A collection of Curious Puzzles
and Paradoxes, Deceptions in Numbers, Amusing Tricks in Geometry;
illustrated with a great variety of engravings.

    Paper      ~30 cts.~

~How to Amuse an Evening Party.~ A Complete collection of Home
Recreations. Profusely Illustrated with over Two Hundred fine
wood-cuts, containing Round Games and Forfeit Games, Parlor Magic and
Curious Puzzles, Comic Diversions and Parlor Tricks, Scientific
Recreations and Evening Amusements.

    Paper      ~30 cts.~

~Book of Riddles and 500 Home Amusements.~ Containing a curious
collection of Riddles, Charades and Enigmas; Rebuses, Anagrams and
Transpositions; Conundrums and Amusing Puzzles: Recreations in
Arithmetic, and Queer Sleights, and numerous other Entertaining
Amusements. Illustrated with 60 engravings.

    Paper      ~30 cts.~

[asterism] Any of the above may be had bound in boards. Price 50 cts.

~The Secret Out; or 1,000 Tricks with Cards, and Other Recreations.~
Illustrated with over 300 engravings. A book which explains all the
Tricks and Deceptions with Playing Cards ever known, and gives,
besides, a great many new ones. The whole being described so
carefully, with engravings to illustrate them, that anybody can easily
learn how to perform them. This work also contains 240 of the best
Tricks of Legerdemain, in addition to the Card Tricks.

    400 pages, cloth      ~$1.50~

~Dick's Dutch, French and Yankee Dialect Recitations.~ An unsurpassed
Collection of Droll Dutch Blunders, Frenchmen's Funny Mistakes, and
Ludicrous and Extravagant Yankee Yarns, each Recitation being in its
own dialect.

    DUTCH DIALECT.

    Der Mule Shtood on der Steamboad Deck.
    Go Vay, Becky Miller.
    Der Drummer.
    Mygel Snyder's Barty.
    Snyder's Nose.
    Dyin' Vords of Isaac.
    Fritz und I.
    Betsey und I Hafe Bust Ub.
    Schneider sees Leah.
    Dot Funny Leetle Baby.
    Schnitzerl's Philosopede.
    Der Dog und der Lobster.
    Schlosser's Ride.
    Mine Katrine.
    Maud Muller.
    Ein Deutsches Lied.
    Hans and Fritz.
    Schneider's Tomatoes.
    Deitsche Advertisement.
    Vas Bender Henshpecked.
    Life, Liberty and Lager.
    Der Goot Lookin' Shnow.
    Mr. Schmidt's Mistake.
    Home Again.
    Dot Surprise Party.
    Der Wreck of der Hezberus.
    Isaac Rosenthal on the Chinese Question.
    Hans Breitmann's Party.
    Shoo Flies.
    A Dutchman's Answer.
    How Jake Schneider Went Blind.
    I Vash so Glad I Vash Here.
    The Dutchman and the Yankee.
    How the Dutchman Killed the Woodchuck.
    Der Nighd Pehind Grisdmas.
    The Dutchman's Snake.
    Yoppy's Varder und Hees Drubbles.
    Dhree Shkaders.
    Katrina Likes Me Poody Vell.
    Hans in a Fix.
    Leedle Yawcob Strauss.
    How a Dutchman was Done.
    Dot Lambs vot Mary Haf Got.
    The Yankee and the Dutchman's Dog.
    Zwei Lager.
    Schneider's Ride.
    The Dutchman and the Small-pox.
    Tiamondts on der Prain.
    A Dutchman's Testimony in a Steamboat Case.
    Hans Breitmann and the Turners.

    FRENCH DIALECT.

    The Frenchman's Dilemma; or, Number Five Collect Street.
    The Frenchman's Revenge.
    Noozell and the Organ Grinder.
    How a Frenchman Entertained John Bull.
    Mr. Rogers and Monsieur Denise.
    The Frenchman and the Landlord.
    The Frenchman and the Sheep's Trotters.
    A Frenchman's Account of the Fall.
    I Vant to Fly.
    The Generous Frenchman.
    The Frenchman and the Flea Powder.
    The Frenchman and the Rats.
    Monsieur Tonson.
    Vat You Please.
    The Frenchman and the Mosquitoes.
    The Frenchman's Patent Screw.
    The Frenchman's Mistake.
    Monsieur Mocquard Between Two Fires.

    YANKEE DIALECT.

    Mrs. Bean's Courtship.
    Hez and the Landlord.
    Squire Billings' Pickerel.
    Deacon Thrush in Meeting.
    The Yankee Fireside.
    Peter Sorghum in Love.
    Mrs. Smart Learns how to Skate.
    Capt. Hurricane Jones on the Miracles.
    The Dutchman and the Yankee.
    The Yankee Landlord.
    The Bewitched Clock.
    The Yankee and the Dutchman's Dog.
    Aunt Hetty on Matrimony.
    The Courtin'.
    Ebenezer on a Bust.
    Sut Lovingood's Shirt.

This Collection contains all the best dialect pieces that are
incidentally scattered through a large number of volumes of
"Recitations and Readings," besides new and excellent sketches never
before published.

    170 pages, paper cover           ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards, cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~Dick's Irish Dialect Recitations.~ A carefully compiled Collection of
Rare Irish Stories, Comic, Poetical and Prose Recitations, Humorous
Letters and Funny Recitals, all told with the irresistible Humor of
the Irish dialect. Containing

    Biddy's Troubles.
    Birth of St. Patrick, The.
    Bridget O'Hoolegoin's Letter.
    Connor.
    Dermot O'Dowd.
    Dick Macnamara's Matrimonial Adventures.
    Dying Confession of Paddy M'Cabe.
    Father Molloy.
    Father Phil Blake's Collection.
    Father Roach.
    Fight of Hell-Kettle, The.
    Handy Andy's Little Mistakes.
    How Dennis Took the Pledge.
    How Pat Saved his Bacon.
    Irish Astronomy.
    Irish Coquetry.
    Irish Drummer, The.
    Irish Letter, An.
    Irish Philosopher, The.
    Irish Traveler, The.
    Irishman's Panorama, The.
    Jimmy McBride's Letter.
    Jimmy Butler and the Owl.
    King O'Toole and St. Kevin.
    Kitty Malone.
    Love in the Kitchen.
    Micky Free and the Priest.
    Miss Malony on the Chinese Question.
    Mr. O'Hoolahan's Mistake.
    Paddy Blake's Echo.
    Paddy Fagan's Pedigree.
    Paddy McGrath and the Bear.
    Paddy O'Rafther.
    Paddy the Piper.
    Paddy's Dream.
    Pat and the Fox.
    Pat and the Gridiron.
    Pat and his Musket.
    Pat and the Oysters.
    Pat's Criticism.
    Pat's Letter.
    Pat O'Flanigan's Colt.
    Patrick O'Rouke and the Frogs.
    Paudeen O'Rafferty's Say Voyage.
    Peter Mulrooney and the Black Filly.
    Phaidrig Crohoore.
    Rory O'More's Present to the Priest.
    St. Kevin.
    Teddy O'Toole's Six Bulls.
    Wake of Tim O'Hara, The.
    Widow Cummiskey, The.

This Collection contains, in addition to new and original pieces, all
the very best Recitations in the Irish dialect that can be gathered
from a whole library of "Recitation" books. It is full of sparkling
witticisms and it furnishes also a fund of entertaining matter for
perusal in leisure moments.

    170 pages, paper cover           ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards, cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~Tambo's End-Men's Minstrel Gags.~ Containing some of the best Jokes
and Repartees of the most celebrated "burnt cork" performers of our
day. Tambo and Bones in all sorts and manner of scrapes. This Book is
full of Burnt-Cork Drolleries, Funny Stories, Colored Conundrums, Gags
and Witty Repartee, all the newest side-splitting conversations
between Tambo, Bones, and the Interlocutor, and will be found useful
alike to the professional and amateur performer. Contents:

    A Bird that can't be Plucked
    Annihilating Time
    At Last
    Bashful
    Bet, The
    Big Fortune, A
    Blackberrying
    Black Swan, The
    Bones and his little Game
    Bones and the Monkey Tricks
    Bones as a Fortune Teller
    Bones as a Legitimate Actor
    Bones as a Pilot
    Bones as a Prize Fighter
    Bones as a "Stugent"
    Bones as a Traveler
    Bones as a Victim to the Pen
    Bones as a Walkist
    Bones assists at the Performance of a New Piece
    Bones attends a Seance
    Bones finds Himself Famous
    Bones gets Dunned
    Bones gets Stuck
    Bones has a Small Game with the Parson
    Bones' Horse Race
    Bones in an Affair of Honor
    Bones In Love
    Bones keeps a Boarding House
    Bones on the War Path
    Bones on George Washington
    Bones on the Light Fantastic
    Bones Opens a Spout Shop
    Bones Plays O'Fella
    Bones sees a Ghost
    Bones Slopes with Sukey Sly
    Bones tells a "Fly" Story
    Brother will come home tonight
    Bones as a Carpet Bagger
    Bones as an Inkslinger
    Bones in a New Character
    Bones in Clover
    Bones' Love Scrape
    "Cullud" Ball, The
    Conundrums
    Curious Boy
    Dancing Mad
    Dat's What I'd Like to Know
    Definitions
    De Mudder of Inwention
    Difference, The
    Don't Kiss every Puppy
    "Far Away in Alabam'"
    First White Man, The
    Fishy Argument
    Four-Eleven-Forty-Four
    Four Meetings, The
    From the Polks
    Girl at the Sewing Machine
    Hard Times
    Hard to take a Hint
    Heavy Spell, A
    Highfalutin'
    Horrible!
    How Bones became a Minstrel
    How Tambo took his Bitters
    How to do it
    Impulsive Oration
    Inquisitive
    Jeallusest of her Sect
    Legal Problem, A
    Liberal Discount for Cash
    Manager in a Fix, The
    Mathematics
    Merry Life, A
    Momentous Question
    Mosquitoes
    Music
    Notes
    Ob Course
    Our Shop Girls
    Pomp and Ephy Green
    Presidency on de Brain
    Proposed Increase of Taxes
    Railroad Catastrophe
    Reality versus Romance
    Rough on Tambo
    Sassy Sam and Susie Long
    School's In
    Shakespeare with a Vengeance
    Simple Sum in Arithmetic
    Sleighing in the Park
    Sliding Down the Hill
    Style
    Sublime
    Swearing by Proxy
    Tambo's Traveling Agent
    That Dear Old Home
    "The Pervisions, Jostar"
    Thieves
    Tonsorial
    Toast, A
    Uncle Eph's Lament
    Waiting to See Him Off
    You Bet
    And 40 popular songs and dances.

    Everything new and rich. Paper covers      ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards, with cloth back           ~50 cts.~

~McBride's Comic Speeches and Recitations.~ Designed for Schools,
Literary and Social Circles. By H. Elliott McBride, Author of
"McBride's Humorous Dialogues," etc., etc. This is one of the very
best series of original speeches, in Yankee, Darkey, Spread-Eagle and
village styles, with a number of diverting addresses and recitations,
and funny stories, forming an excellent volume of selections for
supplying the humorous element of an exhibition. Contents:

    A Burst of Indignation
    Disco'se by a Colored Man
    A Trumpet Sarmon
    Sarmon on Skilletvillers
    Nancy Matilda Jones
    Hezekiah's Proposal
    About the Billikinses
    Betsy and I are Out Once More
    A Stump Speech
    About Katharine
    Deborah Doolittle's Speech on Women's Rights
    A Salutatory
    A Mournful Story
    An Address to Schoolboys
    Zachariah Popp's Courtship and Marriage
    A Sad Story
    How to Make Hasty Pudding
    My Matilda Jane
    Courtship, Marriage, Separation and Reunion
    Lecture by a Yankee
    A Colored Man's Disco'se on Different Subjects
    A Girl's Address to Boys
    McSwinger's Fate
    Peter Peabody's Stump Speech
    Mr. Styx Rejoices on Account of a New Well Spring
    Victuals and Drink
    Speech by Billy Higgins on the Destruction of His Rambo Apple Tree
    A Boy's Address to Young Ladies
    An Old Man's Address to Young Wives
    Salu-ta-tat-n-a-ry
    Valedictory.

    Paper covers, illuminated      ~30 cts.~
    Board covers, illuminated      ~50 cts.~

~Beecher's Recitations and Readings.~ Humorous, Serious, Dramatic.
Designed for Public and Private Exhibitions. Contents:

    Miss Maloney at the Dentist's
    Lost and Found
    Mygel Snyder's Barty
    Magdalena
    Jim Wolfe and the Cats
    The Woolen Doll
    The Charity Dinner
    Go-Morrow or, Lot's Wife
    The Wind and the Moon
    Dyin' Words of Isaac
    Maude Muller in Dutch
    Moses the Sassy
    Yarn of the "Nancy Bell"
    Paddy the Piper
    Schneider sees "Leah"
    Caldwell of Springfield
    Artemus Ward's Panorama
    Tale of a Servant Girl
    How a Frenchman Entertained John Bull
    Tiamondts on der Prain
    King Robert of Sicily
    Gloverson the Mormon
    De Pint wid Ole Pete
    Pat and the Pig
    The Widow Bedott's Letter
    The Cry of the Children
    The Dutchman and the Small-pox
    Sculpin
    Rats--Descriptive Recitation
    A Reader Introduces Himself to an Audience
    A Dutchman's Dolly Varden
    "Rock of Ages"
    Feeding the Black Fillies
    The Hornet
    The Glove and the Lions
    I Vant to Fly
    That Dog of Jim Smiley's
    The Faithful Soul
    "My New Pittayatees"
    Mary Ann's Wedding
    An Inquiring Yankee
    The Three Bells
    Love in a Balloon
    Mrs. Brown on the Streets
    Shoo Flies
    Discourse by the Rev. Mr. Bosan
    Without the Children
    Signor Billsmethi's Dancing Academy
    Der Goot Lookin Shnow
    The Jumping Frog
    The Lost Chord
    The Tale of a Leg
    That West-side Dog
    How Dennis Took the Pledge
    The Fisherman's Summons
    Badger's Debut as Hamlet
    Hezekiah Stole the Spoons
    Paddy's Dream
    Victuals and Drink
    How Jake Schneider Went Blind
    Aurelia's Young Man
    Mrs. Brown on Modern Houses
    Farm Yard Song
    Murphy's Pork Barrel
    The Prayer Seeker
    An Extraordinary Phenomenon
    The Case of Young Bangs
    A Mule Ride in Florida
    Dhree Shkaders

    Paper covers. Price              ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards, cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~Dick's Ethiopian Scenes, Variety Sketches and Stump Speeches.~
Containing the following Rich Collection of Negro Dialogues, Scenes,
Farces, End-Men's Jokes, Gags, Rollicking Stories, Excruciating
Conundrums, Questions and Answers for Bones, Tambo and Interlocutor,
etc. Contents:

    I's Gwine to Jine de Masons
    Jes' Nail dat Mink to de Stable Do'--Oration
    But the Villain still Pursued Her--A Thrilling Tale
    Bones at a Free-and-Easy
    Buncombe Speech
    Shakespeare Improved
    End Gag--Bones and Tambo
    A Man of Nerve--Comic Sketch
    End Gag--Bones and Tambo
    Uncle Pete--Darkey Sketch
    The Rival Darkeys
    The Stage-Struck Darkey
    Add Ryman's Fourth of July Oration
    Absent-Mindedness--Bones and Tambo
    Don't Call a Man a Liar
    The Mysterious Darkey
    Rev Uncle Jim's Sermon
    The 'Possum-Run Debating Society
    Tim Murphy's Irish Stew
    Brudder Bones in Love--Interlocutor and Bones
    'Lixey: or, The Old Gum Game--Negro Scene
    Brudder Bones' Duel
    Brudder Bones' Sweetheart
    Brudder Bones in Hard Luck
    Two Left-Bones and Tambo
    Speech on Boils
    How Bones Cured a Smoky Chimney
    Sermon on Keards, Hosses, Fiddlers, etc.
    Huggin' Lamp-Posts
    Not Opposed to Matrimony
    How Pat Sold a Dutchman
    The Coopers--one Act Farce
    Questions Easily Answered--Bones and Tambo
    Examination in Natural History--Minstrel Dialogue
    O'Quirk's Sinecure
    The Widower's Speech
    Bones at a Raffle
    Uncle Pete's Sermon
    Bones at a Soiree--Interlocutor and Bones
    Speech on Woman's Rights
    Bones' Discovery
    Mark Twain Introduces Himself--Characteristic Speech
    Speech on Happiness
    Burnt Corkers--Minstrel Dialogue
    The Nervous Woman
    The Five Senses--Minstrel Dialogue
    The Dutchman's Experience
    Essay on the Wheelbarrow
    Bones at a Pic-Nic
    The Virginia Mummy--Negro Farce
    Brudder Bones in Clover
    Artemus Ward's Advice to Husbands
    Where the Lion Roareth, and the Wang-Doodle Mourneth
    Romeo and Juliet in 1880
    Artemus Ward's Panorama
    Brudder Bones as a Carpet-Bagger--Interlocutor and Bones
    Major Jones' Fourth of July Oration
    Curiosities for a Museum--Minstrel Dialogue
    Burlesque Oration on Matrimony
    Brudder Bones on the Raging Canawl
    The Snackin'-Turtle Man--Ethiopian Sketch
    Bones' Dream--Ethiopian Sketch
    Come and Hug Me
    Widow O'Brien's Toast
    Scenes at the Police Court--Musical Minstrel Dialogue
    Brudder Bones as a Log-Roller
    De Pint Wid Old Pete--Negro Dialect Recitation
    A Touching Appeal--Dutch Dialect Recitation
    Wounded in the Corners
    Darkey Dialogue
    End Gag--Interlocutor and Bones

    178 pages, paper covers        ~30 cts.~
    Bound in board, cloth back     ~50 cts.~

~Kavanaugh's New Speeches and Dialogues for Young Children.~
Containing easy pieces in plain language, readily understood by little
children, and expressly adapted for School Exhibitions and Christmas
and other juvenile celebrations. By Mrs. Russell Kavanaugh. This is
an entirely new series of Recitations and Dialogues by this author,
and full of pieces, in her well-known style of familiar simplicity,
admirably calculated to give the little ones additional opportunities
to distinguish themselves before an audience. It contains the
following:

                                                         |Girls.|Boys.
    Introduction                                         |      |
    Opening Speech                                       |      |  1
    Speech for a School Exhibition                       |      |  1
    The Parcæ (The Fates)                                |  3   |
    Which Would You Rather Be?                           |  6   |
    Speech for a Tiny Girl                               |  1   |
    An Old Story, for a Child                            |      |
    Speech for a Boy                                     |      |  1
    A Sudden Revulsion                                   |      |
    Mr. and Mrs. Santa Claus. A Novel Christmas Festival |      |  2
    May Celebration                                      |  8   |  3
      Speech of Crowner                                  |  1   |
      Speech of Sceptre-Bearer                           |  1   |
      Speech of Fun                                      |  1   |
      Speech of Frolic                                   |  1   |
      Speech of Vanity                                   |  1   |
      Speech of Modesty                                  |  1   |
      Speech of Beauty                                   |  1   |
      Speech of Jollity                                  |      |  1
      Speech of Boot-Black                               |      |  1
      Speech of News-Boy                                 |      |  1
      Speech of May Queen                                |  1   |
    The Tables Turned, for a Child                       |      |
    Speech for a Boy                                     |      |  1
    Speech for a Small Boy                               |      |  1
    Speech for a Very Little Boy                         |      |  1
    The Farmer Boy and the City Dude                     |      |  2
    The Small Boy                                        |  1   |
    Transposed                                           |  1   |
    The Sun and His Satellites                           |  7   |
      Speech of the Sun                                  |  1   |
      Speech of the Moon                                 |  1   |
      Speech of Mercury                                  |  1   |
      Speech of Mars                                     |  1   |
      Speech of Jupiter                                  |  1   |
      Speech of Saturn                                   |  1   |
      Speech of Venus                                    |  1   |
    True Happiness                                       |      | 1
    Genius and Application                               |  2   |
    Five Versus Twenty-five                              |      |  1
    Saved from Suicide                                   |      |  1
    Speech for a Very Small Child                        |      |
    Three Enigmas                                        |  3   |
    Tickle his Hand with a Ten Dollar Bill               |      |  1
    Speech for a Small Boy                               |      |  1
    Beautiful Belles, for several Girls                  |      |
    Beautiful Dudes, for several Boys                    |      |
    Four Little Rose-Buds                                |  4   |
    A Bouquet                                            | 12   |
    Ta! Ta!                                              |      |  1
    Speech for a Very Little Girl                        |  1   |
    Speech for a Very Little Boy                         |      |  1
    Blood Will Tell                                      |      |  1
    A Warning                                            |      |  1
    A Race for Life                                      |      |  1
    "He is a Brick"                                      |      |  1
    Speech for a Small Boy                               |      |  1
    Watching                                             |  1   |
    Gold                                                 |      |  1
    A Touching Incident                                  |      |  1
    Buy a Broom, for several Girls                       |      |
    Confusion Worse Confounded                           |      |  1
    A Relentless Tyrant, for a Child                     |      |
    My Brother Jean                                      |  1   |
    The Gratitude of the World                           |      |
    At the Skating Rink                                  |      | 1
    Dimes! Oh, Dimes!                                    |      | 1
    A Fatal Bait, for a Child                            |      |
    The Decorated Donkey, for a Child                    |      |
    Tight Times                                          |      | 1
    The Reason Why                                       |      |
    A Modern Flirtation                                  |      |
    Country Meeting Talk                                 |      |  1
    Speech                                               |      |  1
    Deeds of Kindness                                    |      |
    The Boy's Complaint                                  |      |  1
    What Not to Do                                       |      |
    Temperance Address                                   |      |  1
    The Quarrelsome Boy                                  |      |  1
    An Awful Fly, for a Little One                       |      |
    Content                                              |  1   |
    The Winds of the Prairie                             |      |
    Santa Claus' Christmas Tree Speech                   |      |  1
    The Creator                                          |      |
    Where Did They Go                                    |  1   |
    The Parting Lovers                                   |  1   |
    Do Your Best                                         |      |  1
    Cherish Kindly Feelings                              |      |
    Advice to Boys                                       |  1   |
    I Wish I Was a Grown-up                              |      |  1
    No Time Like the Present                             |      |
    The Boys We Need                                     |      |  1
    Summer Vacation                                      |  1   |
                                                         |      |
                           MUSIC.                        |      |
                                                         |      |
    Three Bright Stars                                   |      |
    Beautiful Belles                                     |      |
    Buy a Broom                                          |      |

    16mo., Illuminated Paper Cover      ~30 cts.~
    Boards                              ~50 cts.~

~Howard's Recitations.~ Comic, Serious and Pathetic. Collection of
fresh Recitations in Prose and Poetry, suitable for Anniversaries,
Exhibitions, Social Gatherings, and Evening Parties. Contents:

    Miss Malony on the Chinese Question
    Kit Carson's Ride
    Buck Fanshaw's Funeral
    Knocked About
    Puzzled Dutchman
    Shamus O'Brien
    Naughty Little Girl
    Bells of Shandon
    No Sect in Heaven
    Rory O'Moore's Present
    "Mother's Fool"
    Queen Elizabeth--a Comic Oration
    The Starling
    Lord Dundreary's Riddle
    The Stuttering Lass
    The Irish Traveler
    The Remedy as Bad as the Disease
    A Subject for Dissection
    The Heathen Chinee
    Mona's Waters
    A Showman on the Woodchuck
    How Happy I'll Be
    A Frenchman's Account of the Fall
    Isabel's Grave
    Parson and the Spaniel
    An Irishman's Letter
    Irish Letter
    The Halibut in Love
    The Merry Soap-Boiler
    The Unbeliever
    The Voices at the Throne
    Dundreary Proposing
    The Fireman
    Paul Revere's Ride
    Annie and Willie's Prayer
    A Frenchman on Macbeth
    The New Church Organ
    Katrina Likes me Poody Vell
    How to Save a Thousand Pounds
    How I Got Invited to Dinner
    Patient Joe
    Jimmy Butler and the Owl
    The Menagerie
    Old Quizzle
    Infidel and Quaker
    The Lawyer and the Chimney-Sweeper
    Bill Mason's Bride
    Judging by Appearances
    The Death's Head
    Betsey and I are Out
    Betsey Destroys the Paper
    Father Blake's Collection
    Blank Verse in Rhyme
    Roguery Taught
    Banty Tim
    Antony and Cleopatra
    Deacon Hezekiah
    The Frenchman and the Landlord
    The Family Quarrel--A Dialogue on the Sixteenth Amendment
    The Guess
    Atheist and Acorn
    Brother Watkins
    Hans in a Fix
    To-Morrow
    The Highgate Butcher
    The Lucky Call
    Challenging the Foreman
    Country Schoolmaster
    The Matrimonial Bugs and the Travelers
    Peter Sorghum in Love
    Tim Tuff
    Nick Van Stann
    The Debating Society
    Deacon Stokes
    To Our Honored Dead
    The Dying Soldier
    The Yankee Fireside
    The Suicidal Cat
    The Son's Wish

    16 mo. 180 pages. Paper covers. Price      ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards, cloth back                ~50 cts.~

~Spencer's Book of Comic Speeches and Humorous Recitations.~ A
collection of Comic Speeches and Dialogues, Dramatic Scenes and
Characteristic Soliloquies and Stories Suitable for School
Exhibitions. Contents:

    Comic Prologue and Introduction
    The Yankee Landlord
    His Eye was Stern
    The Goddess of Slang
    Dick, the Apprentice
    Courting in French Hollow
    The Case Altered
    Fox and the Ranger
    The Declaration
    The Warrantee Deed
    A Night's Adventure
    Julia--Comic Love Scene
    Saying not Meaning
    Negro Burlesque for 3 males
    The Nimmers
    Gucom and the Back-log
    Widow Bedott's Mistake
    How a Bashful Lover "Popped the Question"
    Crossing Dixie
    My Last Shirt
    The Three Black Crows
    The Barber's Shop
    Paddy O'Rafther
    Decidedly Cool
    Frenchman and the Rats
    The Jester Condemned to Death
    Kindred Quacks
    Hans Breitmann's Party
    The Generous Frenchman
    Saint Jonathan
    Stump Speech
    The Rival Lodgers
    The Frenchman and the Mosquitoes
    The Maiden's Mishap
    The Removal
    Talking Latin
    Praying for Rain
    Darkey Photographer
    Paddy and his Musket
    Hezekiah Bedoit
    Uncle Reuben's Tale
    Mr. Caudle has been to a Fair
    Chemist and his Love
    Disgusted Dutchman
    The Frightened Traveler
    Jewess and her Son
    Clerical Wit--True Lies
    The School House
    Daniel _versus_ Dishclout
    Spectacles
    The Pig
    A Stray Parrot
    Dame Fredegonde
    Toby Tosspot
    Courtship and Matrimony
    Rings and Seals
    The Biter Bit
    Pat and the Gridiron
    Barmecide's Feast
    The Country Pedagogue
    The Middle-aged Man and Two Widows
    Saratoga Waiter--Negro Scene for 2 males
    The Wrangling Pair--A Poetical Dialogue for Male and Female
    A Connubial Eclogue
    The Italian from Cork
    Gasper Schnapps' Exploit
    Epilogue--Suitable for Conclusion of an Entertainment

    Paper covers. Price              ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards, cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~Martine's Droll Dialogues and Laughable Recitations.~ A collection of
Humorous Dialogues, Comic Recitations and Spirited Stump Speeches and
Farces, adapted for School and other Celebrations. Contents:

    Hints to Amateur Actors.
    Humorous Poetical Address
    The Bell and the Gong
    Mrs. Dove's Boarding House
    The Wilkins Family
    The Lawyer's Stratagem
    Eulogy on Laughing
    Drawing a Long Bow. For 3 males and 1 female.
    The Origin of Woman's Ascendency over Man
    Veny Raynor's Bear Story
    The Game of Life
    The Fortune Hunter. For 2 males and 3 females
    The Parson and the Widow
    Hezekiah Stubbins' Fourth of July Oration
    Make your Wills. Farce for 7 male characters
    Mr. Rogers and Monsieur Denise
    Job Trotter's Secret
    The Darkey Debating Society. Dialogue for 2 males
    The Scandal Monger. Dialogue for 2 males and 2 females
    Poor Richard's Sayings
    Prologue to "The Apprentice"
    Address in the character of "Hope" A Prologue
    Parody on the Declaration of Independence
    Bombastes Furioso. A Burlesque for 7 males
    Characteristic Address
    Examining de Bumps. Ethiopian Dialogue for 2 males
    Election Stump Speech
    A Matrimonial Tiff. Dialogue for 1 male and 2 females
    The Frenchman and the Sheep's Trotters
    The Poor Relation. Comic Drama for 7 males
    Vat you Please
    The Babes in the Wood. For 3 males and 4 females.
    My Aunt.
    Handy Andy's Mistakes.
    The Cat Eater.
    A Shocking Mistake. Dialogue for 3 males and 2 females
    Wanted a Governess
    Rival Broom Makers
    Paudeen O'Rafferty's Say-Voyage
    Mr. Caudle's Wedding Dinner
    Our Cousins. Negro Dialogue for 2 male characters
    Mr. Caudle made a Mason
    Address of Sergeant Buzfuz
    The Wonderful Whalers
    Sam Weller's Valentine

    188 pages. Paper Covers. Price      ~30 cts.~
    Bound in Boards, cloth back         ~50 cts.~

~Wilson's Book of Recitations and Dialogues.~ Containing a choice
selection of Poetical and Prose Recitations. Designed as an Assistant
to Teachers and Students in preparing Exhibitions. By Floyd B. Wilson,
Professor of Elocution. Contents:

    Instruction In Elocution
    Dedication of Gettysburg Cemetery
    Sheridan's Ride
    There's but one Pair of Stockings
    Modulation
    Drummer Boy's Burial
    John Maynard, the Pilot
    The Boys
    The Duel
    Lochiel's Warning
    Socrates Snooks
    Mosaic Poetry
    Burial of the Champion of his Class at Yale College
    Scott and the Veteran
    Barbara Frietchie
    I Wouldn't--Would You?
    The Professor Puzzled
    Thanatopsis
    The Two Roads
    The Pawnbroker's Shop
    The Sophomore's Soliloquy
    The Nation's Hymn
    Address to a Skeleton
    A Glass of Cold Water
    Little Gretchen; or New Year's Eve
    Good News from Ghent
    The Sea Captain's Story
    Our Heroes
    The Closing Year
    Burial of Little Nell
    The Picket Guard
    The Poor Man and the Fiend
    Our Country's Call
    The Conquered Banner
    The High Tide; or, the Brides of Enderby
    Death of Gaudentis
    Don Garzia
    Past Meridian
    The Founding of Gettysburg Monument
    Spartacus to the Gladiators
    Soliloquy of the Dying Alchemist
    The Country Justice
    Unjust National Acquisition
    Dimes and Dollars
    Dead Drummer Boy
    Home
    Responsibility of American Citizens
    The Jester's Sermon
    Left on the Battle Field
    The American Flag
    Oh! Why should the Spirit of Mortal be Proud?
    Parrhasius
    The Vagabonds
    A Bridal Wine Cup
    Blanche of Devan's Last Words
    Widow Bedott to Elder Sniffles
    A Psalm of the Union
    Charge of a Dutch Magistrate
    Stars in my Country's Sky
    Bingen on the Rhine
    Religious Character of President Lincoln
    The Raven
    The Loyal Legion
    Agnes and the Years
    Cataline's Defiance
    Our Folks
    The Beautiful Snow
    The Ambitious Youth
    The Flag of Washington
    The Abbot of Waltham
    Ode to an Infant Son
    The Scholar's Mission
    Claude Melnotte's Apology
    Forging of the Anchor
    Wreck of the Hesperus
    The Man of Ross
    No Work the Hardest Work
    What is Time?
    Brutus's Oration over the Body of Lucretia
    What is That, Mother?
    A Colloquy with Myself
    St. Philip Neri and the Youth
    The Chameleon
    Henry the Fourth's Soliloquy on Sleep
    On Procrastination
    Appendix

    Paper Covers. Price             ~30 cts.~
    Bound in Board, cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~Brudder Bones' Book of Stump Speeches and Burlesque Orations.~
Also containing Humorous Lectures, Ethiopian Dialogues, Plantation
Scenes, Negro Farces and Burlesques, Laughable Interludes and Comic
Recitations. Contents:

    If I may so Speak. Burlesque Oration
    Dr. Pillsbury's Lecture on Politics
    Vegetable Poetry. For 2 males
    Teco Brag's Lecture on Astronomy
    We saw Her but a Moment
    Stocks Up, Stocks Down. For 2 males
    Brudder Bones' Love Scrapes.
    Stump Speech; or, "Any other Man."
    War's your Hoss. Dialogue Recital
    Geology. Dialogue for 2 males
    Tin-pan-o-ni-on. For Leader and Orchestra
    Dr. Puff Stuff's Lecture on Patent Medicines
    Sailing. For 2 males
    Challenge Dance. For 3 males
    Lecture on Bad Boys
    Tony Pastor's Great Union Speech
    A Tough Boarding House
    Sleeping Child. 2 males
    Ain't I Right, Eh? Speech
    Wonderful Egg. For 2 males
    Bootblack's Soliloquy
    Lecture to a Fire Company
    Julius' Peaches. For 2 males
    De Trouble Begins at Nine
    The Arkansas Traveler. For 2 Violin players
    Slap Jack. For 2 Darkeys
    Turkey-town Celebration. An Oration
    Uncle Steve's Stump Speech
    A Midnight Murder
    Dat's What's de Matter
    The Freezing Bed Feller
    Mr. and Mrs. Wilkins
    Paddy Fagan's Pedigree
    The Rival Darkeys. Act for 2 males
    Hans Sourcrout on Signs and Omens
    Hun-ki-do-ris Fourth of July Oration
    Josh Billings on Mosquitoes
    History of Cap. John Smith
    A Speech on Women
    Impulsive Peroration
    The Bet. For 2 Darkeys
    Old Times gone By. Dialogue for 2 Darkeys
    The Echo. Act for 2 Negroes
    Sol Slocum's Bugle.
    Western Stump Speech
    In the Show Business. Dialogue for 2 males
    "We are." Stump Oration
    Original Burlesque Oration
    Waiting to see Him off. For 2 males
    Patriotic Stump Speech
    De Railroad Accident. For 2 Darkeys
    The Dutchman's Lecture
    Prof. Unworth's Lecture
    The Three old Ladies
    Josh Billings' Lecture onto Musick
    Brudder Bones' Lady-Love. Dialogue for 2 males
    Deaf--In a Horn. Act for 2 males
    Or any oder Man's Dog. A Speech
    Happy Uncle Tom
    Stick a Pin Dere, Brudder Horace
    Lecture on Woman's Rights
    Dat's wot de "Ledger" says. For 2 Darkeys
    Goose Hollow Stump Speech
    De Milk in de Cocoa Nut
    A Dutchman's Answer
    Lecture on Cats
    The Patent Screw
    The Auctioneer
    Hints on Courtship
    Dutch Recruiting Officer
    Spirit Rappings. Dialogue for 2 males
    Dar's de Money
    Let Her Rip. Burlesque Lecture
    The Stranger. Scene for 1 male and 1 female

    16 mo. 188 pages. Paper covers. Price      ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards, illuminated               ~50 cts.~

~Dick's Diverting Dialogues.~ A collection of effective Dramatic
Dialogues, written expressly for this work by various authors, and
adapted for Parlor Performances. They are short, full of telling
"situations," introducing easy dialect characters, and present the
least possible difficulties in scenery and costume to render them
exceedingly attractive. Edited by Wm. B. Dick.

                                   |Girls.|Boys.
    Lost and Won                   |  2   |  2
    Running for Office             |      |  3
    The Uncle. A Proverb           |  1   |  2
    Love's Labor Not Lost          |  1   |  2
    Wanted--A Nurse                |  3   |  2
    Almost A Tragedy               |      |  2
    The Will. A Proverb            |  1   |  3
    Who Wears the Breeches         |  1   |  1
    A Cold in the Head             |  4   |  2
    The Wedding Day. A Proverb     |  1   |  3
    A Society for Doing Good       |  4   |
    The Reception. A Proverb       |  2   |  3
    Caught in their Own Trap       |  2   |  3
    Elwood's Decision              |      |  4
    The Report. A Proverb          |  2   |  1
    Reformed Mormon Tippler        |  3   |  1
    The Fortune Hunter. A Proverb  |  2   |  2
    Petticoat Government           |  1   |  2
    Now or Never. A Proverb        |  1   |  3
    A Close Shave                  |      |  2

Including a complete programme of effective Living Portraits and
Tableaux, with full directions for exhibiting them successfully.

    Paper covers. Price                   ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards, with cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~Dick's Comic and Dialect Recitations.~ A capital collection of
Comic Recitations, Ludicrous Dialogues, Funny Stories, and Inimitable
Dialect Pieces, containing:

    An Æsthetic Housekeeper
    At the Rug Auction
    Aunt Sophronia Tabor at the Opera--Yankee Dialect
    Awfully Lovely Philosophy
    Bad Boy and the Limburger Cheese, The
    Barbara Frietchie--Dutch
    Boy in the Dime Museum
    Bric-a-Brac
    Brudder Johnson on 'Lectricity--Negro Dialect
    Butterwick's Weakness
    By Special Request
    Can this be True?
    Champion Liar, The
    Conversion of Colonel Quagg
    Cut, Cut Behind--Dutch
    Debit and Credit in the Next World
    Der Oak und der Vine
    Der 'Sperience of Reb'rend Quacko Strong--Negro
    Der Vater Mill
    Doctor's Story.
    Dutch Advertisement.
    Dutchman and the Raven
    Dutch Security--Dutch
    Early Bird, The
    Gentle Mule, The
    Granny Whar You Gwine?
    Girl of Culture.
    Goin' Somewhere--Yankee
    Go-Morrow, or Lot's Wife
    Hard Witness, A
    Horse that Wins the Race
    How a Woman Does It
    How Buck was Brought to Time--Yankee Dialect
    How Uncle Fin had the Laugh on the Boys
    Humming Top, The
    In der Shweed Long Ago
    Inquisitive Boy, The
    Irishman's Perplexity, An
    Jim Onderdonk's Sunday-School Oration
    John Chinaman's Protest
    Juvenile Inquisitor, A
    Malony's Will--Irish Dialect
    Mark Twain on the 19th Century
    Mickey Feeny and the Priest
    Mine Moder-in-Law
    Mother's Doughnuts
    Mr. and Mrs. Potterman
    Mr. Schmidt's Mistake
    Mr. Spoopendyke Hears Burglars
    O'Branigan's Drill
    Old Bill Stevens
    Old Erasmus' Temperance Pledge--Negro Dialect
    Ole Settlers' Meetun
    Original Love Story, An
    Our Debating Club
    Parson Jinglejaw's Surprise
    Pat's Correspondence
    Pleasures of the Telephone
    Positively the Last Performance--Cockney Dialect
    Raven, The--Dutch Dialect
    Sad Fate of a Policeman
    Scripture Questions
    Sermon for the Sisters, A
    Solemn Book-Agent, The
    That Fire at Nolan's
    That Freckle-Faced Girl
    The Latest Barbara Frietchie--Dutch Dialect
    The Paper Don't Say
    Thikhead's New Year's Call
    Tickled all Oafer
    'Twas at Manhattan Beach
    Uncle Billy's Disaster
    Uncle Mellick Dines with his Master--Negro Dialect
    Uncle Remus' Tar Baby
    Uncle Reuben's Baptism
    United Order of Half-Shells
    Waiter's Trials, A
    Warning to Woman, A
    Ways of Girls at the Play
    Western Artist's Accomplishments, A
    Wily Bee, The
    Woman's Description of a Play, A
    Yaller Dog, The

    Bound in Boards      ~30 cts.~
    Paper Covers         ~50 cts.~

~Barton's Comic Recitations and Humorous Dialogues.~ Containing a
variety of Comic Recitations in Prose and Poetry, Amusing Dialogues,
Burlesque Scenes, Eccentric Orations, Humorous Interludes and
Laughable Farces.

    A Prologue to Open an Entertainment
    The Stage-Struck Hero
    Here She Goes--and There She Goes
    Pastor M'Knock's Address
    Old Sugar's Courtship
    The Bachelor's Reasons for Taking a Wife
    The Spanish Valet and the Maid--Dialogue for 1 male and 1 Female.
    The Jackdaw of Rheims
    Jonathan and the Englishman
    Artemus Ward's Trip
    Auctioneer and the Lawyer
    Mr. and Mrs. Skinner
    The Bachelor and the Bride
    Drunkard and his Wife
    A Western Lawyer's Plea against the Fact
    Reading a Tragedy
    Cast-off Garments
    How to Cure a Cough
    The Soldier's Return
    Countrymen and the Ass
    Come and Go
    How they Pop the Question
    The Clever Idiot
    The Knights
    How the Lawyer got a Patron Saint
    Josh Billings on Laughing
    Night after Christmas
    A Change of System--for 2 males and 1 female
    Citizen and the Thieves
    Bogg's Dogs
    The Smack in School
    The Tinker and the Miller's Daughter
    An Original Parody
    The Parsons and the Corkscrew
    The Old Gentleman who Married a Young Wife
    Stage-Struck Darkey--Interlude for males
    Goody Grim _versus_ Lapstone--Dialogue for 4 males
    The Woman of Mind
    Wanted, a Confederate--Farce for 4 males
    Lodgings for Single Gentlemen
    Nursery Reminiscences
    The Farmer and the Councellor
    The Pugilists
    How Pat Saved his Bacon
    The Irish Drummer
    Mike Hooter's Bear Story
    The Critic
    Mr. Caudle Wants a Latch Key
    Humbugging a Tourist
    The Widow's Victim--for 2 males and 1 female
    Josh Rillings on the Mule
    Tinker and the Glazier
    Wonderful Dream--Negro Dialogue for 2 males
    An Occasional Address--For a Lady's First Appearance
    An Occasional Prologue--For Opening a Performance
    Address on Closing a Performance
    A Prologue for a Performance by Boys
    An Epilogue for a School Performance

    Paper Covers. Price              ~30 cts.~
    Bound in Boards, cloth back      ~50 cts.~




DEBATES AND READY MADE SPEECHES.


~Barber's American Book of Ready-Made Speeches.~ Containing 159
original examples of Humorous and Serious Speeches, suitable for every
possible occasion where a speech may be called for, together with
appropriate replies to each. Including:

    _Presentation Speeches._
    _Convivial Speeches._
    _Festival Speeches._
    _Addresses of Congratulation._
    _Addresses of Welcome._
    _Addresses of Compliment._
    _Political Speeches._
    _Dinner and Supper Speeches for Clubs._
    _Off-Hand Speeches on a Variety of Subjects._
    _Miscellaneous Speeches._
    _Toasts and Sentiments for Public and Private Entertainments._
    _Preambles and Resolutions of Congratulation, Compliment and
        Condolence._

With this book any person may prepare himself to make a neat little
speech, or reply to one when called upon to do so. They are all short,
appropriate and witty, and even ready speakers may profit by them.

    Paper                             ~50 cts.~
    Bound in boards, cloth backs      ~75 cts.~

~How to Conduct a Debate.~ A Series of Complete Debates, Outlines
of Debates and Questions for Discussion. In the complete debates, the
questions for discussion are defined, the debate formally opened, an
array of brilliant arguments adduced on either side, and the debate
closed according to parliamentary usages. The second part consists of
questions for debate, with heads of arguments, for and against, given
in a condensed form, for the speakers to enlarge upon to suit their
own fancy. In addition to these is a large collection of debatable
questions. The authorities to be referred to for information are given
at the close of every debate throughout the work. By F. Rowton. 232
pages.

    Paper covers                     ~50 cts.~
    Bound in boards, cloth back      ~75 cts.~

~The Debater, Chairman's Assistant, and Rules of Order.~ A manual
for Instruction and Reference in all matters pertaining to the
Management of Public Meetings according to Parliamentary usages. It
gives all necessary details connected with the following topics:--

    _How to Form and Conduct all kinds of Associations and Clubs_;

    _How to Organize and arrange Public Meetings, Celebrations,
    Dinners, Picnics and Conventions_;

    _Forms for Constitutions of Lyceums or Institutes, Literary and
    other Societies_;

    _The Powers and Duties of Officers, with Forms for Treasurers',
    Secretaries', and other regular or occasional Official Reports_;

    _The Formation and Duties of Committees_;

    _Rules of Order, and Order of Business, with Mode of Procedure in
    all cases. Also the Rules of Order in Tabular Form for instant
    reference in all Cases of Doubt that may arise, enabling a
    Chairman to decide on all points at a glance_;

    _How to draft Resolutions, Reports and Petitions on various
    subjects and for various occasions, with numerous model examples_;

    _A Model Debate, introducing the greatest possible variety of
    points of order, with correct Decisions by the Chairman_;

This work includes all Decisions and Rulings up to the present day.

    Paper covers                     ~30 cts.~
    Bound in Boards, cloth back      ~50 cts.~

~How to Learn the Sense of 3,000 French Words in one Hour.~ It is
a fact that there are at least three thousand words in the French
language, forming a large proportion of those used in ordinary
conversation, which are spelled the same as in English.

    ~25 cts.~

~500 French Phrases, with their English Translations.~ The
phrases here given are all selected for their general usefulness for
occasional quotation.

    ~10 cts.~




MODEL SPEECHES AND SKELETON ESSAYS.


~Ogden's Model Speeches for all School Occasions.~ Containing
Original Addresses and Orations on everything appertaining to School
Life; comprising Set Speeches on all occasions connected with Schools,
Academies and Colleges, for School Officers, as well as for Teachers
and Students of both sexes, with appropriate replies. By Christol
Ogden.

This original work contains over one-hundred telling speeches and
replies in well-chosen words, and every variety of style, for

    _All Kinds of School Ceremonials._
    _Speeches on Opening and Dedicating New Schools and Academies._
    _Salutatory and Valedictory Addresses._
    _Presentations and Conferring Honors._
    _Burlesque Speeches._
    _Addresses to Teachers._
    _Prologues and Epilogues for School Exhibitions._
    _Anniversary Congratulations._

Including practical hints on Extempore speaking with a dissertation on
the selection of appropriate topics, suitable style, and effective
delivery, and also valuable advice to those who lack confidence when
addressing the Public.

    Paper                ~50 cts.~
    Bound in boards      ~75 cts.~

~Ogden's Skeleton Essays; or Authorship in Outline.~ Consisting
of Condensed Treatises on popular subjects, with references to sources
of information, and directions how to enlarge them into Essays, or
expand them into Lectures. Fully elucidated by example as well as
precept. By Christol Ogden.

In this work is a thorough analysis of some SEVENTY prominent and
popular subjects, with extended specimens of the method of enlarging
them into Essays and Lectures.

The following interesting topics are separately and ably argued on
both sides of the question, thus presenting also well digested matter
for Debate, being on subjects of absorbing interest everywhere:--

    _Bi-Metalism._
    _Civil Service Reform._
    _Prohibition._
    _Is Marriage a Failure?_
    _City and Country._
    _The Credit System._
    _Free Trade and Protection._
    _Capital Punishment._
    _Shall More or Less be Taught in Public Schools._

All the remaining subjects are equally thoroughly discussed, and form
a valuable aid to the student in preparing compositions, essays, etc.

    Paper                ~50 cts.~
    Bound in boards      ~75 cts.~

~Dick's Book of Toasts, Speeches and Responses.~ Containing
Toasts and Sentiments for Public and Social Occasions, and specimen
Speeches with appropriate replies suitable for the following
occasions:

    _Public Dinners._
    _Social Dinners._
    _Convivial Gatherings._
    _Art and Professional Banquets._
    _Agricultural and Commercial Festivals._
    _Special Toasts for Ladies._
    _Christmas, Thanksgiving and other Festivals._
    _Friendly Meetings._
    _Weddings and their Anniversaries._
    _Army and Navy Banquets._
    _Patriotic and Political Occasions._
    _Trades' Unions and Dinners._
    _Benedicts' and Bachelors' Banquets._
    _Masonic Celebrations._
    _All Kinds of Occasions._

This work includes an instructive dissertation on the Art of making
amusing After-dinner Speeches, giving hints and directions by the aid
of which persons with only ordinary intelligence can make an
entertaining and telling speech. Also, Correct Rules and Advice for
Presiding at Table.

The use of this work will render a poor and diffident speaker fluent
and witty--and a good speaker better and wittier, besides affording an
immense fund of anecdotes, wit and wisdom, and other serviceable
matter to draw upon at will.

    Paper                ~30 cts.~
    Bound in boards      ~50 cts.~




LETTER WRITERS.


~Dick's Common Sense Letter Writer.~ Containing Three Hundred and
Sixty Sensible Social and Business Letters with appropriate Answers on
the following subjects:

    _Letters of Introduction._
    _Soliciting and Granting Favors._
    _Accompanying Gifts._
    _Acknowledging Gifts and Favors._
    _Letters of Congratulation._
    _Letters of Sympathy and Condolence._
    _Answers to Advertisements for Help Wanted._
    _Inquiries about and Recommendations of Character and Ability._
    _Letters between Employers and Employed._
    _Accepting and Resigning Positions._
    _Letters of Apology._
    _Letters of Remonstrance and Complaint._
    _Letters of Love and Courtship._
    _Letters of Invitation and Acceptance._
    _Forms of Cards of Invitation._
    _Notes of Postponement._
    _Notes Offering Escort._
    _Letters to Landlords and about Board and Apartments._
    _Family Letters on Various Subjects._
    _Business Correspondence._
    _Letters on Miscellaneous Subjects._

Including Instructions for the arrangement of the different parts of a
Letter, the Address, &c. By William B. Dick. The Letters are all
original, and serve as eminent models of matter, expression and style,
in plain but well-chosen language and clearness of diction; the great
variety of letters on each subject offers a wide field for choice, and
with, perhaps, a little modification could be made available for every
possible contingency.

    Bound in boards      ~50 cts.~

~Dick's Commercial Letter Writer, and Book of Business Forms.~
Containing entirely original Models of Letters on all business
subjects, with appropriate replies; also, several specimens of
continuous Correspondence, exhibiting by a series of Letters, the
commencement, progress, and completion of Mercantile Transactions. By
WILLIAM B. DICK.

This work includes correct forms for Business Notices and Cards, and
Partnership Announcements; for Applications for Employment and
neatly-worded Answers to Inquiries and Advertisements; for occasional
Circulars, properly displayed, and for drawing up Business Documents,
Notes, Checks, Receipts, Mortgages, Assignments, Wills, Power of
Attorney, Letters of Credit, Account-Sales, Accounts Current,
Invoices, Bills of Lading, &c., and the correct method of adjusting
General and Particular Averages.

It contains, in addition, a Glossary of Technical Terms used in
Commerce; a rapid and simple method of computing Interest; a Table
showing the value of Foreign Coins in United States' Currency; and
other useful, practical and interesting information, in all the
details necessary for conducting commercial correspondence.

    200 pages, boards      ~50 cts.~

~Dick's Letter Writer for Ladies.~ Consisting of over Five
Hundred entirely original Letters and Notes, with various replies, on
every subject and occasion that a Lady in good society could possibly
require. They are all new and written expressly for this work.

These letters, &c., are excellent models of ease and elegant style,
facility in method of expression, and correct form; they furnish,
therefore, valuable aid to Ladies, who, however otherwise
accomplished, are deficient in the necessary acquirement of the
graceful and properly-worded correspondence which their social
position demands.

    268 pages, boards      ~50 cts.~

~Chesterfield's Letter-Writer and Complete Book of Etiquette.~
Containing the Art of Letter-Writing simplified, a guide to friendly,
affectionate, polite and business correspondence, and rules for
punctuation and spelling, with complete rules of Etiquette and the
usages of Society. An excellent hand-book for reference.

    Bound in boards      ~40 cts.~




GOOD BOOKS.

Sent Postage-Paid at the Prices Marked.


    American Hoyle, by "Trumps", the Standard Book on Games     $1.50
    Dunne's Draughts-Players' Guide                              1.50
    Dick's Games of Patience; or, Solitaire with Cards           1.00
    Dick's Art of Gymnastics                                     1.00
    Hoyle's Games, by "Trumps"                                    .50
    Gossip's Chess-Player's Text Book                             .75
    Marache's Manual of Chess                                     .50
    Dick's Hand-Book of Cribbage                                  .50
    Modern Whist, by "Trumps"                                     .25
    Dick's Original Album Verses and Acrostics                    .50
    Dick's Book of Toasts, Speeches and Responses                 .50
    Barber's American Book of Ready-Made Speeches                 .50
    How to Conduct a Debate                                       .50
    The Debater, Chairman's Assistant, and Rules of Order         .50
    Ogden's Model Speeches for all School Occasions               .50
    Ogden's Skeleton Essays                                       .50
    The Worcester Letter-Writer and Business Forms                .50
    Dick's Common Sense Letter-Writer                             .50
    North's Book of Love-Letters                                  .50
    Dick's Commercial Letter-Writer                               .50
    Martine's Sensible Letter-Writer                              .50
    Frost's American Etiquette                                    .50
    Cruden's Calisthenic Training and Musical Drill               .50
    Dick's Palmistry Made Easy                                    .50
    Day's American Ready-Reckoner                                 .50
    The American Housewife, and Kitchen Directory                 .50
    The Amateur Trapper and Trap-Maker's Guide                    .50
    Dick's Quadrille Call-Book and Ball-Room Prompter             .50
    The Banjo and How to Play It                                  .50
    The Young Reporter; How to Write Short-Hand                   .50
    Dick's Festival Reciter                                       .30
    Dick's Dutch, French and Yankee Dialect Recitations           .30
    Kavanaugh's Juvenile Speaker, for little children             .30
    Dick's Irish Dialect Recitations                              .30
    Kavanaugh's New Speeches for little children                  .30
    Brudder Bones' Stump-Speeches and Burlesque Orations          .30
    Dick's Comic Dialogues                                        .30
    Holmes' Very Little Dialogues                                 .30
    McBride's Comic Dialogues                                     .30
    Burton's Amateur Actor                                        .30
    Frost's Dramatic Proverbs and Charades                        .30
    Frost's Tableaux and Shadow Pantomimes                        .30
    Dick's Parlor Exhibitions                                     .30
    The Parlor Magician                                           .30
    The Art and Etiquette of Making Love                          .30
    The Mishaps and Adventures of Obadiah Oldbuck                 .30
    Dick's Log and Lumber Measurer                                .25


    COMPLETE DESCRIPTIVE CATALOGUE MAILED FREE.


    DICK & FITZGERALD, Publishers,
    P.O. Box 2975,              New York.






End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Dick and Fitzgerald Catalog (1866), by 
Dick and Fitzgerald

